I had big expectations because I love English TV, in particular Investigative and detective stuff but this guy is really boring. It didn't appeal to me at all.
I highly recommend this series. It is a must for anyone who is yearning to watch \
This one is a real snoozer. Don't believe anything you read or hear, it's awful. I had no idea what the title means. Neither will you.
Mysteries are interesting.  The tension between Robson and the tall blond is good but not always believable.  She often seemed uncomfortable.
This show always is excellent, as far as british crime or mystery showsgoes this is one of the best ever made.  The stories are well done and the acting is top notch with interesting twists in the realistic and brutal storylines.  This show pulls no punches as it enters into the twisted minds of criminals and the profiler psychiatrist who helps out in a northern english city police force. The show looks like it is shot in Manchester but it is called by another name in the show.  One episode is not on this disc the excellent 'prayer of the bone\
I discovered this series quite by accident. Having watched and appreciated Masterpiece Contemporary: Place of Execution, I was keen to read the novel (which inspired the TV adaptation) by Val McDermid. The novel was very well-written, and a nail-biting suspense thriller. Then I discovered that Val McDermid wrote other novels as well, and a couple of them inspired the TV crime drama Wire in the Blood.I finished watching all of Season 1 and have become a fan of this gritty crime drama that follows the investigations led by DI Carol Jordan (Hermione Norris). She is assisted by clinical psychologist Dr. Tony Hill (Robson Green), a rather eccentric figure who delves deeply into the minds of serial killers, studies patterns of criminal behavior and profiles criminals. His methods may seem strange at times, but he always manages to get results. Both Jordan and Hill make a strange if compelling pair, with Jordan analyzing a case based on evidence, and Hill working based on his knowledge of deviant behavior and what makes people commit disturbing crimes.Unlike some of the \
It beats watching a blank screen. However, I just don't seem to be in tune with to comedy of today.
There are many episodes in this series, so I pretty-much just skip through them to try to find a description of something I think I would like.  It's kind of a crap shoot as to whether you'll be entertained or not, but hey, if you're just sitting around trying to kill 20-30 minutes while you're waiting for something else to do, it's worth a shot.
This is the best of the best comedy Stand-up. The fact that I was able to just watch continuously one comedian after another was great. I had the best laughter I have had in a long time.
Not bad.  Didn't know any of the comedians but first time viewing put a smile on my face.  I'll check out the next season soon.
Funny, interesting, a great way to pass time. I usually enjoy standup comedy and is this is a good show for me.
I love the variety of comics.  Great for dinner TV entertainment because of length of each episode.  Many of the featured comics have gone on to even bigger TV specials so it's great to see some of their earlier material.
comedy is a matter of taste. this guy was a little funny but there are others that are far funnier than this guy
if this had to do with Dat Phan, he was hilarious, I enjoyed his comedy and would watch him alone numerous times
Watched it for Kevin Hart and only Kevin Hart!  He makes me laugh.  The best comedy comes from pain and Kevin does his comedy with a huge heart.
he's OK. His humor consists mainly of varying between a Vietnamese accent and a smooth articulate presentation of ironic situations.
some comedians are very good, some not so good, and some are just not funny.  I don't know the names to chose from and watched this by picking random episodes. However, I do know some big names in stand up comedy and these were not included on prime.
I only watched the Wanda Sykes portion of this show. I think it was interesting to watch because it was before she came out as a lesbian. She was married to a man at the time. She actually made some jokes that raised my eyebrows since she is now a lesbian. I didn't like this because it seemed hypocritical but I think Wanda Sykes is really funny. She is one of the few comedians who can make me really LOL (Laugh Out Loud). If you want to see what her comedy was like before she came out a lesbian or you are a Wanda Sykes fan, watch it. I am a huge fan of hers. I would like to see her in a live how. I am glad she is true to herself now and came out as a lesbian. I hope Wanda keeps on making me and others laugh for a long time to come.
Enjoyed some of the comedians, it was a joy to laugh after losing my father whom I was a caregiver for
All the comedians are hilarious. I have seen them all before on Comedy Central but what a great idea to put them all together. I love Amazon prime and I love their shows. They are so much better than Netflix. I got rid of my Netflix Amazon rocks and Netflix well it thymes with rocks but in a bad way.
There were some good entertainers, and some are just dumb.  I kept a paper and pen and wrote down names of the ones I wanted to see more.  They keep them in fairly short bits.  If you are looking to laugh continuous this may not be for you.  But each person has a different sense of humor so give it a try, but don't expect greatness.
Very funny. Some of the comedians were funnier than the others. We were laughing so hard the dog thought something was wrong with us
Great variety of good comics. Each show is just the right length to not get boring. The comics are really funny too.
I loved the humor of the stand-up comics featured here. I only got the free episode listed at the beginning of the season, but it probably gives a good idea of what is contained in the rest of the season. I have actually watched several episodes of this season when I was having a free 30-day trial membership in Amazon prime, which I eventually plan to become a paid subscriber to.
It was fine - not my favorite but a comic on her way up. Some of the same cliche material I hear from others but a spark if the individual world view comes to the fore.
It is nice to see some of the more popular comedians when they were first starting out. You can tell why some made it big and some didn't. If you like stand up comedy, I recommend giving it a try.
This is a cute series, and I did watch two episodes, and enjoyed both of them.BUT I had to ask myself, if I had watched these two episodes on regular TV, would I have watched a third episode a week later? I had to honestly answer that I might watch it, but if something better was on, I wouldn't &#34;need&#34; to watch it.If you enjoy comedies, you might love this series more than me, and I might return to try it again in a few months or years. Sometimes, I return to a book at a later date and love it more, and the same could happen here.
Season 2 of It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia is mandatory for anyhow who watches the show to own. This season has some of the greatest episodes in Sunny history!
Each episode gives me more entertainment than anything else on the tube. though I may not  want to have these characters as real friends - the women are hot though - the plots and characters make for great viewing.Do not see myself abandoning this series.I give 5 stars to every episode and season of Always Sunny in Philadelphia!Thanks Amazon!
Got these for my son's birthday. He says they are great! They are funny so give them a try! OK!
The show is a little bit dry, but is definitely funny.Have only seen the first four episodes, and they were definitely funny enough to continue watching the series.Characters are easy to relate to as they are about my age, funny stuff.
This show is plain dumb and not funny. It is sad how much TV comedy has deteriorated. Gone are the days of fantastic shows like Seinfeld, Cheers, Frasier, Everybody loves Raymond, Tool time etc. And they are replaces with shows like this one, with 2 dimensional stupid characters, bad acting and idiotic writing, where sleazy behavior is supposed to be funny. It is not!!!The 3 guys characters all have exactly the personality; all unlikeable, dumb, juvenile, infantile, sleazy and lack any redeeming qualities, and the girl is the same shallow personality in female version.The stories all have the same theme; juvenile pursuits of cheap thrills like one night stands (referred to as \
maybe i just dont get it...but crude not funny and irritating most of the time....guys that dumb shouldnt be on TV
Gave this to a good friend and ordered another for myself.  Very funny!  I highly recommend this for anyone who enjoys irony and a good laugh.
Out of all the new comedies that have come out in the last ten years, Sunny is as the top of my list.  You need an affinity for quirky, offbeat humor to enjoy it, not to mention a high tolerance for raw language and sexual humor.  The first season consisted of just seven episodes, but established the core characters and operators of Paddy&#8217;s Pub; owners Dennis, Mac, and Charlie, and waitress/Dennis&#8217;s twin sister Dee.  In Season 2 (ten episodes), Danny Devito comes on board as Frank, Dennis and Dee&#8217;s dad.  The show&#8217;s creators (Rob McElhenney/ Mac; Glenn Howerton/Dennis; and Charlie Day/Charlie) are hilarious as actors, and also as writers.  Every character on the show stands out and gets big laughs out of me.  It&#8217;s one of those great ensemble casts that&#8217;s incredibly balanced in terms of the personalities and comedic nature of each character, resulting in a consistently high level of quality in every episode.  These first two seasons have some of my favorites, including &#8220;Charlie Has Cancer,&#8221; &#8220;Charlie Got Molested,&#8221; &#8220;Dennis and Dee Go on Welfare,&#8221; &#8220;Hundred Dollar Baby,&#8221; and &#8220;Charlie Goes America All Over Everybody&#8217;s Ass.&#8221;  Like most fans of the show, I tend to favor the Charlie-themed episodes, and considering that he&#8217;s the only one so far to get movie roles and a gig hosting SNL, it&#8217;s clear how important he is as part of the cast.  But that&#8217;s not a knock against anyone else.  I can&#8217;t really imagine it continuing if they lost any of the key characters of Dennis, Dee, Mac, and Charlie, and even though Frank wasn't there in the beginning, it would definitley hurt the show to lose him.  As far as current TV comedies go, no one else is doing anything funnier than &#8220;Always Sunny,&#8221; and these first two seasons show it.
It's basically a slightly less intelligent version of &#34;Seinfeld.&#34; If I had to define it I'd say it's sophomoric humor which contains lots and lots of yelling amongst the main characters. For lovers of low brow comedy, this will be among your favorites. I haven't seen all of the episodes yet, but so far it appears that no topic is taboo.
4.5 starsI knew nothing of this until a friend lent it to me this weekend. I laughed. Often. At things that aren't supposed to be funny, but as any serious fan of comedy knows, those can be the best laughs. I walked away feeling lighter and happier. If that ain't comedic success, what is?IASIP is like Seinfeld if the SeinFour were ten years younger, Irish, and ran a bar in South Philly. These guys have clearly studied Sein and Curb very closely, and their tight timing and topics and banter are all very Larry Davidesque...but they go places even LD won't. The best two shows of the 7-episode first season are about cancer and abortion; I howled at some moments. These guys have done what so many guys want to do: make a show about how funny they are. Except, these guys really are funny. Sometimes. But hey, no one's always hittin' homers, even on comedy 'roids, so I cut these three some slack and marvel at how tightly they work together. There's a lot to be said for working with old friends, if they have talent: the camaraderie and timing here are born of many years of drinking and laughing and thinking and falling down, no doubt. And these three guys are each pretty dang funny, each in his own fashion.DeVito is ok but I liked the first season best for its rawness. Still, as the later shows get a little more polished it's often in good ways.If you don't like drinking, if you insist on PC language from your friends and neighbors, and if you are in general just plain uptight about people living and thinking the way you want them to, look elsewhere. But If you enjoy tying one on and laughing your butt off at the endlessly silly idiocy that accompanies being alive in America these days, you may just find Always Sunny to be almost always funny.
I enjoyed the first season a lot. The 4 main characters are very funny with their self centered ways. The second season they added Danny Devito  (Frank Reynolds) as the deranged father figure. Now most of the story lines revolve around him. Not as funny. Maybe it's better to just leave well enough alone.
This series revolves around 4 friends who run a bar in Philadelphia and who go through a variety of difficult but extremely funny and often extravagant situations. I had heard of the series previously but was only convinced of buying it after seeing an intervewi with the actress. What a suprise: this is a somewhat lesscorrect version of Friends meets My Name Is Earl. I agree that this may not be correct at all since this series has no respect for conventional moarl issues such as lying about having cancer, discovering a friend's grandfather was a nazi. It also tackles the strange love men sometimes has for guns ets... In some ways it is difficult to describe and understand if you have not seen this gem of comedy.
It was a disappointment. I gave it a few episodes to get into it, but it didn't get any better.
Watched Charlie Day give a commencement address and then decided to check out his show. Found this show surprisingly GOOD!  The cast is funny but they deal with real world guy and girl issues I. A fun, but informative way. Highly recommend it and not just for the laughs.
I was pleasantly surprised with this \
Overacted but occasionally funny over the top sitcom of friends running a bar that involve getting caught in some silly scheme, one character trying to convince others how selfish or immature they are acting, being broke, getting drunk, or getting laid.  Perhaps the story ideas got funnier in season 2 as they did with \
I wish I were a part of this cast. This is the funniest stuff ever. YOU MUST GET THIS IF YOU ARE A DIE HARD &#34;SUNNY&#34; FAN!
Who says the sitcom is dead?  Not since Arrested Development has a sitcom been this truly hysterical and quick paced that you don't know what to expect next.  It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, originally premiering on the FX network in 2005, revolves around four friends: Charlie (Charlie Day), Mac (Rob McElhenney), Dennis (Glenn Howerton), and his sister Dee (Kaitlin Olson); all of whom own and run an Irish bar in downtown Philadelphia.  They get into all kinds of crazy hijinks through misunderstandings and just plain bad judgement, ranging from being mistaken as a gay bar to Charlie lying about having cancer.  Yes, there's nothing really wholly original about the show's premise, but it remains hysterically funny throughout.  The second season of the show finds Danny DeVito joining the cast as Dennis and Dee's father, who isn't the sanest of the bunch either.  This DVD set compiles the first two seasons of the show, and is definitely worth picking up for viewers who turned it when it first premiered, as well as newer viewers who may be anxiously awaiting the upcoming and long awaited third season of this very funny show.
I heard about It's Always Sunny from a Kevin Smith Smodcast. If you haven't been force-fed the usual formula comedycrap replete with obnoxious laugh tracks, you might just like it.It's not a continuous knee-slapper but just some good ol' off-center comedy. Welcome back Danny DeVito - sure he's doing the same ol' DePalma character, but I STILL think it's funny. For me, it's another one of those sit down and plow through a DVD at a time. I would never have had the patience to watch these one at a time on the tube when it aired (that's just me).
funny thing. My brother's been trying to get me to watch this show forever. As it turns out, I get the videos of the day, everyday, and one was Charlie Day giving the commencement speech at his alma mater, Merrimack college in New Hampshire. it was then I realized that its Always Sunny in Philadelphia, was his show, and he's from New Hampshire where I'm from also.of course, this is what prompted me to actually start watching the show. I really enjoy it, it almost seems unscripted. The best part is, it's on Amazon Prime for free. How can you beat that!
Fan-tastic. This is a show about terrible people being terrible, and it's hilarious and mean and perfect. Watching the characters grow into such vile monsters is a real joy. Seriously!
I love this show and I don't think that will ever change.  I hate all of the characters and I mean that in the best way.  Hilarious.
I love it's always sunny and wanted to own the seasons, but didn't want to spend a lot of money. Came to Amazon and managed to buy seasons 1-6 for less then $25!! Way pumped!The discs were clean, no scratches, worked perfectly. No problems at allAs for the first seasons of it's always sunny, you either like it or you don't. I used to hate this show, but it's now one of my favorite shows. If you haven't seen it yet, then get on it player!
Wish I had watched this show when it began back in 2001.  Very happy that it is available from Amazon to stream.  I've watched 5 seasons in 3 weeks!  Will keep you on the edge of your seat (if you suspend reality a little bit).  Highly recommend!
Non stop action with edge of your seat thrilling plots with a new turn every minute.  Cast of great stars keep all events seeming like weeks but actually are in 24 hours
I had a hard time following this show when it was on TV but now that it is on Prime I can watch the episodes in a row without commercial interruption. I now can watch all of them at my leisure. I am so excited that I can't wait for another day to watch more! And I think Keifer Sutherland makes the show. I would like to tell all viewers out there that you should be on Prime because all of these episodes are for free with your membership. Many of your TV episode series are for free and tons of movies. So you all out there join Amazon Prime!
Season 5 24 is fantastic.  Each episode gets more and more exciting!  I keep thinking, it can't get any better than this, but guess what!  It does! Fantastic show, no show can beat 24!  I am a wreck when its over, but I love it so!
Seson five is killer! I would recommend this dvd set to anybody! Full of suspense killer action! Jack is a bad ass! Buy it , you won't regret it!
This show is like a runaway train ride. Every episode has poor Jack in some death defying crisis. Really enjoyed the ride.
hope they start changing the plot a little faster, never seen so many pole changes in one show in one week
For sheer intensity and plot topsy-turvies, no other show comes close to 24. You'd think the premise (every hour of the 24 episode-long season is played in real-time; thus 24 encapsulates a full day) would get old by now, but, surprisingly, the producers and writers have managed to come up with another riveting, must-see season. In fact, this might be the best season of them all. The thrills and nail-biting suspense (as well as the SPOILERS alert) begin early in the season five opener, with the shocking slaying of President Palmer and assassination attempts on familiar CTU agents (one of which is tragically successful). Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) is lured out of hiding after 18 months and becomes rapidly embroiled in a devious conspiracy that goes all the way up to the White House. As he becomes the most wanted man in America (he is framed for Palmer's assassination), he must try to ferret out the true culprit(s) and again save the country from deadly Russian extremists and various domestic villains. On a personal level, he must come to terms with the deaths of personal friends, the alienation of his daughter Kim, and the fact that his former girlfriend  Audrey Raines (Kim Raver) might have moved on.There's a reason why Kiefer won the best dramatic actor Emmy and why 24 beat out the likes of the West Wing, the Sopranos, Grey's Anatomy, and House for best drama. The fifth season is fully serviced by a coming together of story and acting - from the gripping, edge-of-your-seat plot line, with its manic twists and turns, to the no-quarters-given, full speed ahead performances of the cast, but specially of Kiefer Sutherland, who gives his all in inhabiting his role. Kiefer IS the show and consistently produces such driven intensity, lying just beneath an icy cold surface, and yet his eyes reveal a vulnerability of sorts, when he's reacting to something personal to him. He makes a scene work, even without dialogue. Very good stuff. And, no, you do not want to get in the way of Jack Bauer.There are other standouts, of course. Gregory Itzin as the shifty and weak-willed U.S. President makes you gleefully hiss, while Jean Smart as the medicated First Lady Martha Logan brings earnest soap-opera acting to primetime. Mary Lynn Rajskub (Chloe O'Brian) continues her highlight role as CTU's brilliant but cantankerous and socially-inept tech support operative. Meanwhile, James Morrison, Roger Cross, Kim Raver, Carlos Bernard, Louis Lombardi, and Sean Astin become the season's dependable, solid bedrock.That so many of the regular cast die in this season lends an immediacy to the episodes and exponentially raises the stakes. There's no comfort level at all here, as you're never sure who would survive in the end (but, with this show, were you ever sure?). Even Kiefer Sutherland had played around with the idea of having Jack Bauer biting the dust (Please, no!).So, the 24 - Season Five dvd box releases December 5, 2006, just in time for you to go thru 'em to prep for season six, which begins next January on Fox. Season Six, by the way, picks up nearly two years after season five's finale and will have James Cromwell with a recurring role as Jack's estranged dad, Phillip Bauer. Also joining the cast is Eddie Izzard, Kal Penn (Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle), Peter MacNicol, Regina King, and the beautiful Rena Sofer. I can't wait to own season five and, then, to see season six. Long live Jack Bauer!
Revel in his awesomeness!!! For he is a god amongst men and he is deserving of all praise that can possibly be heaped upon him. The one time the Emmys got something right!! Jack Bauer is as close as any fictional character has become to being superhumanly powerful, and at some times his recurrent circumvention of the bureaucratic system, assaulting his friends and co-workers, his flagrant abuse of \
The first five seasons of 24 are the best thriller/escapism you'll find on television. It's fast-paced, big-budgeted, over-the-top (sometimes WAAAAAAAY over-the-top), and mostly clever. But I don't think ANY of the previous seasons (or the lame season 6) can come even close to the excitment and joy of watching this fifth season.Yes this season follows the same (tired) gimick of everything happening in real-time, but what set this season apart for me was it's more focusd plot-line. Several of lead character Jack Bauer's friends are killed or attacked and he's out to find out who and get revenge. Ok, sometimes the overall story arch DOES get side-tracked to the typical (terrorists trying to release poisonous gas), and sometimes it's not always that interesting (CTU gets infiltrated AGAIN!). But none of these side-attractions even BEGIN to take-away from the exciting central story which pushes along at break-neck speed and crediblilty (thanks also to the believable performances of the ENTIRE cast).Like some people I try not to watch the show on TV and much prefer to wait for the DVD to come out which is why I can't recommend buying this season enough (thought why there's not subtitles on every episode is beyond me). Yes it's a couple years old now, but it's still the best (and most affordable) 24 episodes of action you'll find anywhere.
Just finished the 5th season of this very riveting series. I must admit the season started off with a Bang! When you watch it you will see what I mean. However, about mid season I had to push myself a little to get through to the last 1/3 of season, and I am SO glad I did! WOW! talk about being on the edge of my seat. This season really does have more of an edge to it. A fictional Syntox gas, nerve agent,  is involved, terrorist plots, political corruption and some of the main characters are bumped off! Loved this season and would highly recommend it to anyone!
Ugh, I can't take it - making the presidents right hand man involved in terrorism ?! The first lady clinically insane.  Then making you think it's the vice pres, then it turns out to be the president himself.  Uhhh, yeah, right. I thought at first at least they didn't do another mole in CTU (which they had done every single stinkin season).......then, turns out they did have someone in there following the 'right hand mans' orders! But he 'thought' he was doing the right thing.  Either way, STOP RECYCLING THE EXACT SAME PLOT LINES.  And they still have everyone respond to anything with \
Absolutely great show! Every episode keeps you on the edge of your seat!  Makes it very hard to turn it off!
While I had kind of given up on 24, this is a good return to form for the series. It starts with the assasination of previous president Palmer and as the season advances we see how Jack, who has come back from the dead for many, is confronted with a group of russian separatists who have gotten some nerve gas. The way the story unfolds gets slightly too straightforward from the middle of the season on but it is still quite exciting stuff. Kim comes back for a short period also.
I particularly like the fact that the show (which I missed when broadcast) subtly introduces the moral dilemmas of the situations.
In the aftermath of season 4, Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) had to fake his own death and go into hiding.  But he can't seem to stay in retirement for long.  Someone knows Jack is alive and targets his friends, forcing Jack to come out of hiding to face down terrorists yet again.Meanwhile, it is an important day for the United States and President Logan (Gregory Itzin).  He has been working hard to iron out an anti-terrorism treaty with Russia, and that treaty will be signed that day.  But the treat of terrorists in Los Angeles with stolen nerve gas just might be enough to derail the treaty.Season 5 won an Emmy for best drama, and it was well deserved.  Even after five years, this show is gripping drama with excellent writing and acting.  I am glued to my seat every week, breathing only during commercial breaks.  This season the threat and storytelling seemed more focused then previous years, adding to the drama.There were a couple flaws this season.  I sure don't remember the explanation of who knew Jack was alive at the beginning of the season.  Maybe it was mentioned and I missed it.  Furthermore, we have yet more examples of lack of security at CTU.  While it does make for gripping drama, it does seem like they could come up with a new plot trick every so often.My biggest complaint this season was the body count.  We lost several key characters from previous years.  While I understand the producer's desire to keep us on the edge of our seats, can't anyone from the show live happily ever after?  It honestly got to the point I dreaded seeing anyone who had been on the show before for fear they would be killed off.Still, these are minor issues with a truly wonderful show.  I'm counting down the hours until the next season premiers and we can start the rush all over again.
(BEWARE, SOME SPOILERS BELOW)Man, this is really a violent, dark and totally avoid of humour show. But's the beuaty of it: there shows around about very differente themes.The proposal of 24 hours is to give you non-stop action, non-stop twists and, also, a lot of bloodshed. It's interestin also to see through the shows the incredible amount of highly trained, superbly financied and intelliegnt people willing to do harm to good old Uncle Sam, be them American, Muslin, German, Rusian... Also, the terrorists portrayed in the show are capable of mobilizing killer squads in less time than it takes to say \
This is a banner series for this extraordinarily conceived and executed television series.  From its explosive opening through 24 hours of plot twists, exciting action, and devastating loss, this season is absolutely superb.  Be warned though---there's lots of unexpected killings in this season and several favorite characters are disposed of.  You just don't know what to expect from this Emmy-winning series.Kiefer Sutherland won his much deserved Best Actor emmy as Jack finds himself confronted with one impossible task after another.  The supporting cast is superb:  James Morrison as CTU director Bill Buchanan; Mary Lynn Rajskub as the neurotic but brilliant Chloe; Kim Raver as Jack's former love Audrey; William Devane as irasible Secretary of Defense; Louis Lombardi as the plump and human Edgar; Jayne Atkinson as the Homeland Security Director; Sean Astin as the pompous replacement; Peter Weller as the vicious assassin; Glenn Morshower as the stoic Aaron; Jude Ciccollella as Mike Novick; Julian Sands as the evil terrorist; and of course, Gregory Itzin and Jean Smart as the President and First Lady, who were robbed of their supporting actor Emmys, and who are just fantastic in these pivotal roles.24 is one of the best series out there and this season shows why.
24, Seasons 1 - 8 are some of the best I've ever seen! From the first hour, every scene is filled with suspense and anticipation. JACK BAUER (Kiefer Sutherland) is a story hero that is always two steps ahead of the bad guys which helps keeping me from throwing rocks at my i-pad (the bad guys)! Can't wait for the next season to show up!&#128522;
Love the show. Period. Have just finished watching the first 5 seasons (something of a marathon over the last month).Season 5 is probably my favorite season to date. It starts strong and doesn't let up until it's over.As to packaging and the discs themselves: the first 4 seasons come in fold-out packaging + outer sleeve, much like the Highlander series and a few others. The first discs contain the episodes themselves, and the last disc contains some bonus materials. Season 5, however, breaks from this tradition and instead packages the discs in 4 slim cases (the 4th holds the bonus features disc). A change of page in packaging, but still quite attractive, with approximately the same shelf footprint (if not slightly smaller).Season 5 continues to do a good job with chapter breaks, scene selection menus, and bonus features. I might note however, they've added a slightly longer intro before getting to the main menu (looks like booting up and logging into a CTU computer system). However, on my DVD player I could skip ahead without having to play the whole sequence. So, it wasn't completely ungainly.The video and audio were up to par. Of course I don't have a large-screen/wide-screen TV nor surround sound, so I can't test under all conditions. But if there were any video or audio issues I didn't notice them. Perhaps some moire/color issues in scenes with close parallel-line patterns. But I've noticed that on any number of DVD releases of other series from other studios, so I wouldn't say there was any more in 24 than other series.Overall, I highly recommend this for anyone who hasn't seen 24, and who likes the spy/thriller type show. If you liked Alias and/or La Femme Nikita, you'll probably like 24 as well. There are some \
24 is the most  fun series I have ever seen on tv.  I love keifer Sutherland and it appears to me that a lot of actors get good parts and get in a lot of acting.  Also this series has people, even the bad guys speaking articulately and very rationally.  We are seeing a show full of admirable people not a bunch of losers.  That must be a part of the popularity of the series.Note something else, these people comply with the human requirement  of pronouncing judgement.
There was lots of action, I love it , Cant wait for the next season, very good acting. A lot of actors I remember. I would recomend to everyone.
Season Five was the winner!  Of course, Kiefer and the regular cast absolutely rock, it was fantastic to see as much of Agent Pierce as we did this season, and Gregory Itzen and Jean Smart...... well, what can I say about them other than === shoulda won the Emmys!!!
We were not fans of 24 until a family member gave us Season 7 DVD.  The show is well done, we get a kick out of the fact that 24 shows is equal to 24 hours of activity.  And laugh that no one ever takes a nap or eats during any of the shows.  We are now working on Season 6 and then will catch up with the new show on TV this season.
The shocking opening moments of the fifth season of 24 literally blew away everything that we've come to know about the show.  Alliances are challenged, close friends are lost--all the while Jack Bauer tries to keep his sanity and find out who the real culprit is behind one of the most trying days in American history.The cast is perfect, the storyline is compelling, and the action is never ceasing.  This season had by far the most suspense as well as the most cliff hangers.  After I finished watching an episode, I usually wanted to go right to the next and watch it right away!  There is, however, a big plot hole in the season.  The fate of Evelyn Martin and her daughter was never covered, and I found that unfair; an entire episode depicted their plight, and I feel it should have been resolved, whether she was killed or left alive by Henderson.Any show that can make a person sympathize with someone while viciously rooting against them (i.e. Logan) is a stupendous show.  24 delivers all of that and more, with its best season to date.9/10
I loved this season of 24. I loved almost everything about it, even the death scenes. I felt like nobody was safe, and anybody could die! I especially loved the episode where everyone is trapped in C.T.U. with the nerve gas everywhere. I also loved the surprise ending with Jack being taken hostage by the Chinese who were still after Jack from season 4. I highly recommend this season to all fans of 24. And I just saw the season six trailer. I've watched it over three times and I can't wait.
I am watching each season of 24 on Amazon Prime Video and thoroughly enjoy each season. The twists and turns in each story are amazing, plus the shows give you mystery, action, love, betrayal, and so much more. It can take some time to get through an entire season because there ARE twenty-four 45 minute episodes. But whatever time you have to devote to this series is well worth it.
I'm a fan what can I say.  I just watched seasons 1-5.  5 was one of my favorites, Jack seems to be going rogue more, the president is a despicable character.  The various sub plots are on the verge of repulsive but the writers reel it in or at least end them with Jack Bauer justice.  This season you should watch.
By now I've gotten into 24 pretty deep. I like the intensity of this real time format. I really enjoy watching Jack save the world.
I enjoyed nearly all the seasons of 24 and this is probably my third year I have watched them.  So excited they are bringing the show back though it may be somewhat different.  I enjoy dramas such as &#34;24&#34; and &#34;Covert Affair&#34;.  Good luck to the 24 actors and crew and hope the new show will do well.
\
great acting.  Lot of cliff  hangers.  good direction. absorbing - couldn't stop watching it.  i would recommend it to anyone.
While Season One of 24 focused much of its attention on President David Palmer, Seasons 2-4 saw the Oval Office by and large take a back seat to the missions of Jack Bauer and CTU.  However, Season Five brings some of the attention back to the sitting U.S. President (this time Charles Logan) and ends up with a much more well-rounded storyline.For a basic (non-spoilery) plot summary, a group of Russian terrorists threaten to release canisters of nerve gas in the U.S., leading Bauer to be reprieved from his thought-to-be death in order to help stop the crisis.  As CTU begins investigating the terrorism, however, it quickly becomes clear that the terrorists are working with a high-ranking government official, and the conspiracy begins to be unraveled.To be honest, at first I was skeptical of all the focus on President Logan, as didn't like his character and wasn't sure that he could command the camera as well as his predecessor Palmer.  However, by the end of the season, Logan is easily the most enjoyable/interesting character on the show.  His acting, along with his wife, chief of staff, and head of security, really gives the show the Presidential presence it lacked since that first season.Of course, there is still more than enough of Jack Bauer and his fellow CTU agents (Audrey Rains, Bill Buchanon, Edgar Stiles, Chloe O'Brien, etc.) to go around, which means that intense drama ensues in every single episode.  The writers have an amazing way to take a character that looks like a creep (think Tony Almeida and George Mason in the early seasons) and, by the end of a few episodes, have him become a noble hero, and that tradition continues in this season as well.The only \
If I had a friend Like MacGyver, than I would have try Survival Island and we would win all the money.
MacGyver can work his way out of anything with his knowledge of physics.  He is a master of problem solving.  I think everyone would enjoy seeing his stories.
It was  Good and funny I enjoy it it is worth watching a family movie Just enjoy  very light  Enjoy
As usual, MacGyver is as exciting as ever.
James Bond minus the adult stuff.  Great show that shows the mind is still the best weapon.  Sure there is some liberal stuff thrown in but it is family friendly.  And who can't resist the MacGyverisms as you think could that work.  Maybe not but it will make the kids think and want to experiment.  Good stuff for the whole family.
Well, I enjoy them for many reasons. i remember Mark Harmon when he played football for UCLA. He made the right career choice instead of getting banged up and damaged from the NFL he is raking it in with all of these hit series year after year.
What happened with Tony and the plague he was dying from.  HELP!  It's killing me to know!!!!!!!!!!
Season three opens, with Gibbs going after Kate's killer, Ari. And to try to throw alot at us, NCIS gets a new director, Jenny Shepard played by Lauren Holly. Now Shepard and Gibbs do have some history, since both were partners at NCIS at one time, also. To proclaim Ari's innocence, is Massade officer Ziva David. And I'm sorry, I didn't like her then. And I don't liker her now, She and pretty much all of Massad is built up like they are the only agents that are extremely tough, they're unstoppable. So Ziva and Jenny try to convince Gibbs that he's wrong, and Gibbs even makes the only logical argument against Ari's innocence. That if he were innocent, he would turn himself in. So, after much arguing, he gets Ziva to follow him. And Ziva kills Ari in Gibb's basement, And we get each persons view of how they saw Kate in this episode. Now, I would have inserted Paula Cassidy to the team after this. Since there was some obvious chemistry between her and tony, but no. We get Ziva, and she is built up like I said. As this unstoppable, lean mean killing machine. The best of the best, and I'm sorry, but she's abrasive and annoying. And I still have a hard time accepting her to the team, Gibbs magically trusts her more than any other member of the team. season three is a good season, and Ziva is the on;y reason I didn't give it 5 stars. Although season three does end with almost getting blown up, going into a coma. Waking up from that coma, and thinking it's 1991. And we get to meet Gibbs's mentor, Mike Franks. Which leads to gibbs trying to stop a terrorists attack. Only the generals won't allow it, and Gibbs ends up Quitting NCIS. All in all, season three is still awsome. Like I said before, my only problem is Ziva. The introduction of a new director, and then Gibbs leaving.
NCIS changed in third season..and gotten strongerAt the end of season two, Kate was shot and died. Season three handles her death in the openning two parter \
We have watched the first and second season and we love the series.  We are now watching the third season and just like the first two we love the NCIS Team and the plots are excellent.
Please see earlier rant on season 4.  I like that they do not always end on a shocker, sometimes they just quietly say good bye.  It can be so hard to replace characters but they have a knack for it.  Good season for sure.
What is there to say about NCIS?LGG..slappin the back of peoples's heads.Abby..man what a great show.I watch this every Tuesday night,though Los Angles is better.
Started watching NCIS marathon on USA Channel (had never watched the show) and got hooked.  I have since purchased every season through Amazon and am enjoying every episode.  Great show.
Season 3 is much easier to use because CBS Video has splurged on the Play All function and subtitles.  I started to like NCIS with the introduction of Cote de Pablo who looks like a cross between Winona Ryder and Salma Hayek.  This is the season with the \
Love having the Instant View feature on Amazon.com. I have used this feature many times and will do again. Would highly recommend to friends and family.
as one of their own is shot and killed by the terrorist Gibbs has been hunting Ari.  The season also shows how the different NCIS members are dealing with this tragic loss in a two part episode Kill Ari.  This in turn leads to the new characters, Ziva David and the new NCIS Director (who has more than a little history with Gibbs).This all blends in well and the new members of the team pick up right where they left off.  With all the quirkiness and fun that they have in each show, it only helps to show much the actors/actresses have grown together and it makes NCIS one reason that i love to watch not only this show.  But others of the same caliber.  I am looking forward to season four as well as the 3rd season ended in a particular way.  It leaves a lot of things open for the following season.But it also answers a few questions before the season is up like Gibbs past and how that affects him in his job today.  I love all the characters in the show-Abby, Ducky, Dinozo(sp), \
It is a well-done TV series that can absorb cast changes and continue to deliver excellent shows.  NCIS Season Two ended with the shocking murder of Agent Caitlin Todd.  Season Three opens with two major cast additions.  Cote de Pablo joins the team as the beautiful and dangerous Israeli Mossad Agent Ziva David, while veteran actress Lauren Holly, as Jenny Shepard, becomes the new director of NCIS.The changes put iconic Senior Agent Jethro Gibbs (Mark Harmon) in the awkward situation of working in a new agent while getting used to a new boss who is a former love interest.  The rest of the team, still grieving for Caitlin, are slow to embrace Ziva but will be won over by her obvious competence, and by her hilarious efforts to master American slang.  Wisecracking Agent Tony DiNozzo (Michael Weatherly)in particular will find that Ziva forces him to raise his game in a way that Caitlin never quite did.The exciting two-part season opener resolves the still-open case of Agent Todd's murder.  A two-part season ender places Gibbs' service with NCIS at risk.  The audience will learn more about Gibbs' past while contemplating another season-ending cliff-hanger.  In between, the team will handle serial killers, terrorists, and kidnappings with its usual mixture of brisk police procedural and entertaining repartee.  Six special features about the making of the show are included in the DVD set.  \
This series has it all in the &#34;crime&#34; solving genre:  Great cast, humor, story lines and gadgetry to keep you coming back for more.  Especially enjoy the new addition replacing Kate's character.
Season two ended with the murder of Caitlin Todd by the double agent Ari.The NCIS team is not going to allow this to go unpunished and the first two shows deal with this.Former Mossad intelligence officer Ziva David's replacement of Caitlin is not without problems as the team deals with both loss and acceptance.Complicating matters is a new director that has a romantic past with Gibbs.This season the Director of NCIS moves out of the shadows and into the light.  From now on, the Director is a full-fledged character and an important part of the story.Tony, Tim, Abby, Ducky and Jimmy are perfect in their roles.Jethro is boss, maverick and teacher while being larger than life.The cases are engrossing, complex and intelligent.The on-going interactions and personal stories support the show and fit the characters.This is an excellent series and this is an excellent season.
This is one of very few current TV shows which is worth my time to watch. Most of the shows on TV now are vulgar, violent, unfunny or intent on pushing an offensive social or sexual agenda - even the so-called animated comedies. Even the game shows are leaning way Left (Jeopardy clues etc.). Most Reality shows are just plain stupid and fall into the above description as well. Though NCIS is often more GP than G rated, it has great characters and good plots.
This said it was used but you couldn't tell. The box had just a little wear on the corners other then that it looked new. Would order from them again.
Great storylines and very believable great i would recommend it to anyone over the age of 18 years and love the show
I love this show!  It is interesting and is a show I have great fun watching with my dad when he has time off.  The characters are funny and the banter is excellent.
It was rough enough for the fans of NCIS to lose Kate Todd by having Ari Haswari snipe her at the end of Season 2.  So, starting Season 3 off by showing Kate's murder from Ari's POV is a little rougher.  But the two episodes that start off Season 3 of NCIS--the two part \
We love NCIS and all the seasons are great.  Anyone who enjoys the characters will like this season.  Beware of scenes in the autopsy room.
Season Three lacks the edge that the first two seasons had, but the characters remain complex and the plots, unpredictable--except for the demands of the formula.  Visually and auditorially effective.
This serries is OK, but it really lacks the substance that Criminal Minds, MI-5, CSI or Alias has.  The list goes on. When is the second season of Bones and Criminal Minds coming out?
It is Doctor Who (Classic) Season 1 what else is there to say? If you are a true Doctor Who fan than you can not miss watching these classic, see all of its humble beginnings.Only thing we have seen that is a problem, is that there if several seasons missing, it would be nice to watch every Doctor Who up to date today.
The hypothetical life of the protagonist time traveler, Dr. Who, has entertained me and my relatives who have grown into wonderful young men and women. They derived hours of pleasure watching all the episodes available here in the U.S.A. However, I did not give the show five stars because the stories are a bit far-fetched for the trained mind.
I used to watch this as a kid. We could only get it when the atmospheric conditions were just right and the tv antenna was turned to just the right direction to get the one station that played this at 10pm. They would show this as a double feature with Dark Shadows. It is fascinating to see how much has changed in how we treat each other and how tv is made.
They've come a long way since the original Dr. Who. I still like the latest versions. If you are a Dr. Who fan, then these episodes give you a taste its origins... OK, but corny.
Same review as season 5.  Too old, short of nostalgia no real reason to watch.  Give each episode 5 min for future reference.
This is a great example of the &#34;Dr being stuck in ancient earth&#34; theme that shows up over and over in the decades that follow.  Other than the time travel there is not much science fiction here.  It is very interesting to see the Dr interacting with his &#34;crew&#34; and how he is more like the captain of a ship rather than the more active character that he becomes over time.  Probably the most interesting thing about this episode is how it shows the cultural mores of the 1960s.  If you enjoy ancient TV this is a gem.  If you are expecting anything like the modern Dr you probably want to skip ahead a couple decades.
I had always heard and read about Doctor Who's &#34;early years&#34;, but had never watched.  What a pleasant surprise.  This enterprise has been a winner since the beginning.  I've got a lot of shows to watch!!
My first Dr. Who was Tom Baker back in the 1980s. I watched every episode and even taped them to watch over and over.  When many years later I found the early ones I laughed because they were so silly and the technology was hysterical, cardboard, plastic tape, logic errors, and then I realized that they were made in the  1960s and were made for children.  Funny, I never thought of it as a children's show.  I was nearly 50 when I first watched and it grabbed me instantly!  So now I am over 80 and I still love it.  Even these funny old ones.  A truly wonderful show for any age.
I rated this a 4 star because the film was grainey.  I suppose this is the best it could be after all of these years.  What a treat you start learning about Dr. Who's start
starting with an actor who was noted for military roles and still going on today Dr. Who is part of many of our lives.The original shows were on miniscule budgets and demanded a lot more imagination from the viewers than today's shows.The Aztecs in this show were probably more comfortable on the London Underground than in the Central American jungles but that doesn't matter.The Doctor is a far cry from today's version-  with no real alien identity (two movies had him as definitely an elderly Earthman)- but that didn't matter- kids loved it and more than a couple of their parents too!.A captivating history lesson
Season 12-16 are getting the same review.  Tom Baker (my dad's favorite) fits not only the role of the Doctor, but also time in Earth 'real time'.  The introduction of the sonic screwdriver, New companions which continue to defy the command 'stay here!!' Short episodes make this a great binge.  The cerebral side of the Doctor as well as 'the classic Dr.smile' grow into the story line.
The Doctor is the longest running si fi on television and there is little dout as to why. It's great.
The Ark in Space is a great story.  It has everything you need for classic SciFi: aliens wrecking spaceships, teleporters, life and death decisions with the human race in the balance and of course the 4th doctor.  It is all here... unfortunately the rest of the season is missing from Amazon.  Sigh....
Compared to today the special effects are comical, but that justs adds to the fun of watching these old shows
Hi, it was great to get to watch these episodes (The Ark In Space) that I never saw before, especially on Prime.  But...most of the season's episodes are not available. If they had everything available including classics about the Daleks, Crinoids, etc. this series would be a home-run. Also, Tom Baker is my favorite childhood version of Dr. Who, which is another reason why I would love to see everything featuring him available on Amazon Instant Video.
The older Dr. Who series always has a theatre quality to it. Tom Baker is the Doctor I grew up with, so it feels good to stop by and see these episodes again. This one features Romana, one of the better companions I feel (though she was kind of forced on the Doctor).Generations today always want a female Time Lord (ok by me), and well, there you go. Romana is a Time &#34;Lady&#34;. She's as smart as the Doctor, but lacks the experience he has traveling the universe.  She also seems to usually be very calm in a tight situation against his silly antics some times. They make a good pair.So if you ever wanted to see what a female Time Lord (excuse me, Lady) might be like, check out these episodes.
It is great filling in some of the blanks of what happened to that character or how did the doc meet this character! it would be great if you would get more missing episodes .
In episode #17 (part 1) listen for a bonus at the 2:26 mark, give or take a second.  That being said, Tom Baker's Dr. was the best until the new 2005-present series.  Historically in real time this is a 'post Star Wars' timeline.  Keeping to the look and feel of Dr. Who was getting lost as the 80's progressed but this is still in the good phase of the show's run.
The best and lonest running sifi on tv ever. I have been a fan since 1970s. I think my wife loves it more them myself.
enjoyed all episodes of season 16 I only hope it continues with 2014(season 56) cant wait for it to appear
The writing in this season is amazingly well done. As is the acting. The character actors playing the bad guys and the heroes accompanying the Doctor are top notch.
Everything has to start somewhere but as a viewer there is only so much nostalgia one can have for sci-fi.  Thus is a 50 year old season and it shows.  Campy at best.  If you want a good starting point for Dr. Who I suggest starting with Dr. #3 in app 1970.  This is also the start of color. That being said seeing Cybermen as an original 'bad guy' shows the connection to the past.
While some of the special effects are so old they detract from the story, Tomb of the Cybermen is still enjoyable to watch.  Troughton as the doctor is great because he shows the snide humor that shines in later doctors.  Sadly because so many of the oldest episodes are missing we don't get the back story of the doctors companions but we do get to start to see some of the origins of the Cybermen mythos.  This is great fun and a must for any fan of the doctor.
I have watched Dr. Who for years and enjoyed these early ones.  The thing I liked the best about this Dr. Was the way he would get confused and say &#34;Oh dear&#34; all the time.  He is very sweet, and I loved him just because he was Dr. Who.  Since it was a children's show, this might has had a lot of appeal to a child. for myself, I tend to forget it was started for children, and watch it avidly every time.
if you like Dr. Who it is well worth watching to see some of the history of the show.  It really is too bad that they don't have more of these classic episodes.
A great show about the Cybermen.  The episode centers around the tomb of the cybermen and the old look of them is pretty cool.  I only wish there were more episodes in the AMAZON library.
Nothing wrong with production value/quality.  But the subject matter is so improbable that it seems like such a waste of energy to pack even more people into a crowded area (Tokyo) of a crowded country.  750,000 people in an engineered group of buildings stacked like a pyramid.  Watch it if you don't have strong reactions to hubris on display.
I appreciate technology and seeing the dreams fot the future.  I will watch additional Extreme Engineering seasons.  thank you for tne presentation.
I've lived in Boston for many years and have driven on these roads since the day they opened. After ten years, this video is a very interesting look at the past, and the promises vs. the reality of what became of the Big Dig project.Ironically, or perhaps prophetically, the film begins by showing a section of new tunnel (at time = 2:06). This is the EXACT LOCATION where (on July 10, 2006) the ceiling collapsed on a car, killing passenger Milena Del Valle. The heavy concrete panels were glued in place with epoxy cement that had not been applied properly. It was ultimately determined that ceiling panels weren't actually needed in that location, so today, the ceiling that appears in the video is no longer there.Such was the theme for most of the Big Dig's design and construction. Too many things were \
Couldn't even finish &#34;Sky City&#34; - it just feels like a sales pitch. Just get to the extreme engineering people.
Some are better than others but overall I enjoyed these. In many cases I was surprised at the enormity of effort, design, and equipment required to do these big jobs.
Love to see where men build and keep striving for better.  It's nice to live in a day when things naturally progress.
It would have been much better if the program shows the specific details they are talking about, instead show the faces of the people speaking about the project.This is a TV show, not a radio.
Not the best show ever made but you do learn.  I would love more in depth info but I do understand there is only so much that a show can divulge.  But I will say you will learn a lot and some episodes are done very well others not so well.  But hey give it a shot you may have an engineer in you waiting to get out.
The series is in the older square video version.  Made for the older TV types, but it's still a great series.  Inspirational and mind boggling.  Some of the amazing things they come up with are absolutely incredible.
These guys are great and they have a fantastic team. There have been a couple of knock-off shows that weren't even in the same galaxy as the Mythbusters. I would give 7 stars if I could!!
I've been a Mythbusters fan for a long time and while I'm still not used to the US narrator (coming from the UK where it is narrated by a Brit) I made my way through all the Mythbusters series again on Amazon Prime.The show takes us through those things we always thought we knew about but often didn't. Watching the whole seasons through, it is obvious that while Adam and Jamie were younger in this season they were also a lot angrier at each other. Perhaps they learned each others quirks as the seasons progressed but it is interesting to go back to the early days. You can also view how the budget for the show started increasing over time as their initial experiments were low cost and generally done near the shop, now they have massive explosions in man made lakes and mining quarrys.I recommend this show to my friends and it is often discussed in the work place. Everyone with an interest in science, explosions and humour should be watching this show.
Interesting and kind of educational. Though the filming isn't the best possible at all times, this is a great show for those of us who wonder about what's true and what's not. I highly recommend for everyone who's curious, and those who like scientific explanations for things.
These guys are a little bit crazy.  It is a fun series to watch.  You never know what they are going to do.
I've always enjoyed Mythbusters. Glad this show has gone as long as it has because I can always pull up an episode and be entertained even though I've seen most of them before.
Probably the best children's show since Mr. Rogers Neighborhood. I wish they'd kept it going. This show has not one moment of anything I ever worry about my children watching. It's wholesome, educational, and actually interesting (lots of kids shows fail hard on that last one). My favorite thing is that unlike Dora the Explorer or Diego, no one *ever* encourages the audience to be loud. Also, while they do &#34;play Blue's Clues&#34; in every episode, the shows are not all the same. The structure changes slightly each time, which is fantastic. To get what I mean by that, try watching an episode of the exceedingly vapid Animal Mechanicals for a comparison...it's painful.
My 2 1/2 yr old granddaughter who is only allowed limited TV time, is quite the connoisseur of children's shows.  Blues Clues is one of her favorites, and explains to me what is going on, and which host is on the show (apparently Steve went away to college).
This is great for my grandchildren.  As an educator I know how important it is to encourage children to think and problem solve.  That is exactly what this show does.  My 22 month old twin grandchildren love it and it is the only show they are allowed to watch.
My 18 month old grand daughter loves it!  I guess she understands what Blue says when she 'speaks', I sure 'whoof, whoof' don't!!  I just love that she loves it!
My grandbaby loved this show very much. She still looks for spots all over the place. She was mezmarized totaly.
Really? have you ever met a kid who didn't like watching this show whether with joe now or steve in the past?
Blue's Clues has been around for well over a decade, but this 90's gem still shines in contemporary times with content that rivals any other children's programming today.  Educational and at a level that is attractive to a wide range of ages, Blue's Clues is a staple for educational / enjoyable children's shows.
Granddaughter, age 5, can't get enough of Blues Clues Season 1.  I must say tho that when she viewed later seasons that changed Steve's role to another guy, she didn't like it.  So she watches the seasons with the original Steve over and over.
So glad Blues Clues is on Amazon Prime!! My kids love it :) Thank you so much Amazon! Just wish y'all had other shows, like Little House On The Prairie, and all os the seasons of Dr. Quinn Medicine Woman.
I love this program.  The kids get so involved in the entire show. I really chuckle as the little ones really think they can be interactive.
My 3-year-old son likes Blue.  His attention span is still pretty short, so he doesn't usually make it through an entire episode.  But, he repeats &#34;a clue!  a clue!&#34; often throughout the day.
Good, clean, moral show. Teaches them a lot and not just wasting time watching useless junk.  Good for kids and fun for adults too
I'm not crazy about my son watching TV, but I make an exception for Blue's Clues. It is very sweet and my son loves it.
Very instructional and cute. Both my 7 year old and 1 1/2 year old love the show! More seasons for Prime members to stream!!
My daughter (5) really enjoys this show. It's colorful and interactive. She gets to help Blue (the dog) solve problems.
Such fun and so educational. Perfect show for toddler.  I love to watch the learning. Highly suggest this show for supplemental learning.
Awesome tv series. My son loves blue clues. Wish it was on more often. He likes then one where Blue talks in the videos too
My grandson ask to watches this all the time.  He is a big fan of this show.  The streaming is excellent so the picture quality and sound is clear.
My 2 and 3 year old grandsons love Blue's Clues.  I bought Season 1 and downloaded it to my Kindle Fire.  They like to sit in Nana's lap and watch Blue and Steve....and it gives Nana a good excuse to hold and rock the boys.
Steve is a genius with children -- he really knows how to elicit their feedback and engagement with the story, and it never feels like he is above his audience.  And it is not too jarring or obnoxious like some children's shows can be.
There are a lot of kids' shows that are super, super annoying.  This one is cheesy, but it is sweet, and I especially love Steve.  I love how this show teaches kids about deduction and gives them the chance to solve mysteries.
i grew up watching blues clues and now my daughter can enjoy the great music and teachings from fun blue
This is a great edicational show. My kids have watched the entire run of blues clues. They love to watch blue and Steve
My children love this show. I will give a great example from my four year old from last week. We come to a stop sign and she reads S T O P and says that spells stop. We were really impressed, we have been working on letters for quite a while now, but she could comprehend  stop means stop. We  asked her if she learned it in K-3. She said no she learned it on blues clues. Just a side note I know some people are going to read this and say. Well if he didn't have his kid in day care they would be smart... or something of that ilk. Our children are in a small Christian school and they didn't have enough teachers so my wife became a full time volunteer to help the kids. I'm not a fan of preschool, I do not sit in judgment of those who do. It's just a personal choice for us. Back to the show my children have learned so much from this show. hope this helps.
Our two year old loves watching Dora. If your kid loves shows like Bubble Guppies, Backyardigans, Umizoomies then this show is probably right for you.
Well if my two year old had a say she would give it ten stars. I think the show has gotten better since it's introduction. I don't mind her watching it at all and the fact that she surprised me by counting to 5 in Spanish says a lot.
What is bad about Dora.  Not one thing.  This is my grand children's all time favorite.  The first thing out of their mouths are &#34;I need Dora &#34;. Recommend to anyone
I enjoyed watching Dora and Boots and  the Gang with my Granddaughter on Saturday morning.  The plot lines are simple and easy for her to understand, (she is a preschooler), and she was really engaged.  She loved being a part of the story when Dora asked her to participate.  She was so involved in what was going on.  We had a lot of fun, and we will enjoy watching it again very soon.  We love Dora!!!!
I like Dora. Both my kids like to watch this show. The music and lessons taught are very helpful. All the interaction with other characters are great and telling Swiper to stop swipping is hilarious, Love all seasons of Dora.
We purchased this season for our daughter who loves Dora using the Amazon Instant Video app for Wii. We have no issues with play or image etc.Unfortunately, my husband and I cannot stand Dora. She sets our teeth on edge. But our daughter loves Dora so we put up with the show. I don't feel that my daughter has gotten much educational value from Dora, to be perfectly honest. She's learned more from Ni Hao Kai-lan, Yo Gabba Gabba, Little Einsteins, and Team Umizoomi. I only took off one star for this since Dora is entertaining for toddlers (admittedly the target audience, not parents) and for some reason kids love her.
The colors are bright and cheerful. Great story lines.kkeps a child's attention while teaching them life lessons.My grand child really learns a lot from this show
My 18m/o loves this show it teachers her friendship, Spanish, and how to solve problems. It is age appropriate too.
The little short videos is just right for her.  It helps her learn to count and limited Spanish as well as sequencing. Very helpful for learning to read.
My 2 year old grand daughter loves Dora and all her friends!  It's a very positive toddler/kids show. It's also educational, fun and entertaining.
My 4 yr old loves Dora and always enjoys going on adventures. She also like to speak other languages and thinks it is so cool.
Entertaining and informative for the young minds. Granddaughter already is counting to 10 in Spanish and has picked up several words (colors).  She is only 2.
my child loves it.  It is the ABC animal episode.  We don't generally like Dora but this specific episode is really cute and keeps my little guys attention.
I like the show because you can learn Spanish words and that is good exposure for my 3 year old. The show is good for very young children but it is a very simple show.
The grandkids really love Dora the Explorer and is a very good way to learn beginning Spanish a language that they will probably need later on in life.
I believe it's a very positive show, she can learn both languages, English and Spanish and also, about friendship! Isn't that awesome. Only three seasons are on prime but its really worth the cost.
dora teaches problem solving, spanish, manners and fairness.  my son loves this show, as most kids do, but i feel good letting my son watch this show, because he always comes away learning something and the show is very interactive, it prompts kids to talk back to the tv and answer questions and solves problems.
My two-year old daughter LOVES this show.It's interactive: it engages the viewer to repeat a set of instructions, dance, and shout at Dora's nemesis, Swiper, \
My son loves this show. He is always asking \
No matter what episode it is, my son has been hooked on this cartoon since he was a little baby... he's learn alot of words and general knowledge watching this...
Age appropriate cartoon packed with learning for my little ones. great job with the show options amazon prime. well done
I love the ease to remember songs for my kids, and that it helps them work on their memory. It's got rally cute characters too. I so like that it teaches Spanish too
I am a nanny an the little girl love this show. Every time we go shopping she screams backpack (what she calls Dora) when she see it.
My kids enjoy this show.  I like that it's got some educational value and isn't annoying for me to watch with them.
My girls ages 3 and 4 absolutely love Dora and they enjoy these episodes from season 2. They stream easily on the Roku.
There is a adventure in every episode. Every adventure is new. In each episode, There is a place to go.
I have two young children and we love almost everything Dora! The shows always have some element of learning,  My girls have actually recognized Spanish words in books now that they have heard Dora speak them.
When I was little, I used to despise watching this program, and I only hate it more now. Every episode, of course, is repetitive (I know it is a nursery schoolers' television cartoon, but there are more educational, entertaining series out there, such as \
My grandson LOVES Dora the Explorer and he learns a bit of Spanish too which really isn't the goal of watching this program.
After watching Dora for the last +10 years! I have Kids ages 3-16!Good for kids. Lots of stuff to learn.
Both my sons love watching Dora. The language is appropriate for 3-5 year old kids and boots is an awesome addition to the characters.
My kids love to interact with Dora. Both my one year old and 3 year old learn with this show.
This video downloaded ok. It did have to buffer it once but I'm not sure if it was my iPad or what but it did great after that, had no problems and I would recommend this video to anyone with little kids!
My granddaughter just can't get enough of Dora. Two years old and it's perfect for her..she is learning a little bit of spanish, and the stories are a wonderful learning tool.
Who doesn't love Dora? My three-yr old granddaughter is being expertly prepped for K-2. Just as my previous four grandkids. The vocal response to Dora's questions say it all. Five stars, Dora, five stars
My grandsons love Dora.  I find myself watching right along with them and learning new words.  If you have a preschooler please try Dora.  She is fun and entertaining.
I don't like Dora but the kids are transfixed for 25 minutes so it allows me to get something done. I only like Dora because of learning words in other languages. otherwise, it's annoying
Great show for young kids. My thee year old son loves Dora & Diego. Educational & entertaining for kids & will make them want to sing.
Two year old likes it, but it is very hard for an adult to watch more than one or two episodes without pulling their hair out.
Educational and entertaining to the grandkids. Would recommend for anyone with preschoolers. Hope to see more seasons in the future!
Good clean and colorful fun for a four old.  I can always be sure that she will be entertained as she learns about the world she lives in
On our third round of Dora with our youngest and it is still great. Going to miss it when they are too old to watch. :( The blend of math, patterns, comprehension and problem solving is so key to development at the young ages. Dora is great.
I found this dull and unexciting.  The graphics are very 90s ish and the soundtrack is so-so.  She's no Diego that's for sure.  Then again, she's probably in the country legally...
The quality is as good as can be expected from a 10-year-old cartoon, but it plays smoothly.  One odd complaint--the Nickelodeon &#34;intro&#34; is MUCH louder than the rest of the cartoon for some reason, and that's consistently true across all of the Dora and Diego cartoons.  When watching you may want to adjust the volume down (or mute) until the intro is done to save your TV speakers and possibly your ears.  The cartoon itself is cute and well-structured for younger children, that eventually understand what Dora is asking for and the order in which things happen on the show.  My 2-year-old girl loves it and would watch an entire season straight through if I'd let her.  It's the first cartoon like this to really capture her attention for an entire episode so that alone makes it worth the recommendation for younger children.
She's so enthusiastic and has great adventures!  Our son and daughter both love Dora shows!  They're great enthusiastic fun and the kids learn a little too.
My granddaughters, ages 5 and 3, can not get enough of Dora.  They ask to watch it every time they visit.  We love it because this show teaches the girls so much.  Would highly recommend this to all!
I still like the show, I just kind of enjoy the early seasons better... It seems that right about this season they stop singing the original map song as much and my daughter really enjoys that song.
My two year old loves this show. I personally find it kind of annoying, but it wasn't made for adults, was it?
I won't write you a &#34;book&#34; on this one, others have already done that. This was one well done series, in just about any aspect. Well written, it even &#34;looked&#34; good- unlike the typical SYFY Saturday movie. I always wondered why religion came into the plot line the last couple of seasons, negatively portrayed at that, but maybe the writers were running out of material. Well written even if you don't like the subject matter sometimes, or the enemy ( I &#34;liked&#34; the Goa'uld- seasons 1-8, better than the Ori- 9-10, and even then the stories had something to them.Start at the beginning of the series, not the end, and always be sure to watch the extras each season.This was the best of the three Stargate series.
This season seemed to be more about the artsy predilctions of the actors and producers.  The battle with the Ori became more and more convoluted and was not resolved to my satisfaction with the bad guys getting their butts kicked by the good guys.  I liked the first 9 and would watch them again.  I wouldn't watch season 10 again.
This series was always dependable.  It always resolved itself satisfactorily.  The characters were sensible, disciplined, and willing to have fun.
What a morose way to end such a fun series. I always said that if they ever began taking this show seriously, it would come to a bad end, and I was right. It's like, we're ending the season with no sense of humor. In fact, we're gonna off the Asgard by letting them commit mass suicide and then we're going to spring a Greek tragedy on poor T'ealc. This show succeeded through its sense of humor (why else watch a show where everyone within three galaxies all speak 21st century English? Duh!). Now it fades into oblivion without any sense of fulfillment. What a shame. Maybe that's why this season is going for $29! I'd rather buy two copies of Season 1! How do I pick zero stars?
If you've never seen the franchise get the movie starring Kurt Russell first.Then get all 10 seasons(there is a boxed set of all 10).Nuff said!!!
SG1 is everything a show should be, intelligent, funny, attractive- this is sci fi that deserves to stick around for a long time.
I found it to be an enjoyable series though the recognizable science was a bit thin. Towards the end it seemed to me the writers had explored pretty much what could be done in the premise of the show. It was a good idea to stop when they did. If you like science fiction, I think you will like this one.
Oh the finale!! Did you get the feels? I did. Man I cried once(on the inside) when I re-watched the most memorable of episodes. Ahh! Why did you have to leave us!!
A great show that will make you laugh, cry and cheer.  Fantastic acting and loveable characters.  What more do you need in a show.
I'll admit, this is not one of my favorite episodes. This episode was not great, but it was okay. It gave you a bit of a background look into Valla and her family. The showing of Vala's father in this was very nice, as we don't know much about her, besides her being a thief before. Also, this was a good opportunity to see Landry and his family a little closer. However, the funniest and most favorite part of mine will always be the ending. Probably one of the funniest scenes in the SG-1 series. I feel so sorry for Teal'c. Good episode.
Stargate  SG-1is one of those shows that the good guys win most of the time.Lots of action, Lots of humor if you pay attention.I would recommend to most anyone how wants Sifi, action or adventure
what an episode. its episodes like this that make me realize that SG-1 isthe best scifi ever. I hope all feel the same!
Good cast, good stories. Well directed and well-written.  And of course Richard Dean Anderson is always good even if this role is definitely different than his more famous one Angus MacGyver.
Always buy this series, and am sorry that it is, as a weekly show, ending.Therefore it is good to be able to have the last season (I have all the others) as it is one of the best in the field - science fiction - apart from old faithful Star Trek. Always miss Richard Dean Anderson, that wry and handsome wit, but Shanks and Browder, let alone Claudia Black, what a terrific actor! more than make up for his loss. I always wish more of Amanda Tapping's abilities apart from sheer mathematics that she is forced by plot to come out with at least four or five times per episode could be utilized in more interesting directions, but she is the greatest also. Look forward to her in Stargate Atlantis.Stargate SG-1 season 10 is a worthy product and has been added to my collection with great satisfaction.Linda Sheean
This show is fantastic!  I love how they wind ancient culture and Myths into futuristic events!  It's a lot of fun to watch, especially if you're into ancient myths and such.
IT WAS RELLY GOOD I LOVED IT, WAS FUNNY AND PLENTY OF ACTION&#62; I WOULD WATCH IT Again Just Enjoy
Stargate was a good movie and an even better series.  Very imaginative and well acted.  Recently, I rewatched the series and enjoyed it very much.
Love the characters and seeing them as they develop over time. Very fun show. Episode 200 is awesome. Love it
While the writers gave us a new enemy in the Ori it also felt a little redundant to do so somewhat since they already were notified that the series would end here. It felt like the writers were hoping that the backers and producers would renew the series for this new saga but after ten years it was time to give the series a decent finale and while you do get the finale it felt a little weak for what the series was.If you already have the other past seasons and for the price of this set I'd say go ahead and add it to your t.v. show collection while not on par with the past eight seasons it still has for the most part an intriguing story and cast to make you watch the season through to the end.
Warning!  Many spoilers!Additional Warning:  Thanks to Canadian and British television, the final episodes of STARGATE SG-1 have already been shown through much of the world.  The following review is based on having seen everything including the series finale.And so after an amazing ten year run, STARGATE SG-1 comes to a dignified end.  Sorta.  Plans for a couple of TV movies are already in the works, so the plot ends that are left somewhat open at the end of the series will probably be resolved at that time.  It is hard at this point to know what the show's legacy will be.  It never received the critical acclaim that series like FARSCAPE, BATTLESTAR GALACTICA, FIREFLY, or even BABYLON 5 received, and one can't point to specific ways that it has altered or molded other Sci-Fi series, but simply being around for a decade is unprecedented in Sci-fi.  Yeah, DR. WHO has been around longer, but its presence has been far more episodic and it has sometimes been prey to a budget smaller than a kids' show (though certainly this is not the case for its present incarnation).  It certainly did a number of things right.  The writing remained strong throughout.  The production values were strong from beginning to end.  And if it never scaled the peaks of brilliance of other series it still managed to produce many memorable moments.  Perhaps its legacy is something to be set aside for a decade or so.What is amazing is that the tenth season was a largely successful effort at self-recreation.  Season Nine had been plagued by pregnancy.  Both Amanda Tapping and Claudia Black (and some of the outfits Ms. Black wore in Season Ten reveal that she has fully recovered from having given birth--the highlight of Season Ten might have been the outfit she wore in the high school reunion episode from near the end of the season) had children during that season.  I'm a huge fan of kids and having babies, but it doesn't mesh well with making TV shows.  Tapping was missing for the early part of the season and Black for most of the middle.  Both were present for the entirety of Season Ten.  Black's real life pregnancy fed into the plot of Season Ten, with her giving birth to a mystical child who became the super-empowered leader of the Ori.  Adria (played by Monica Baccarin, Inara from FIREFLY) grew into a full-grown woman with overwhelming powers in a matter of weeks.  Throughout the season SG-1 has to struggle against their most powerful foe yet, who nonetheless harbors affection towards her mother, hoping to convert her to a belief in the Ori.What makes Season Ten work for me above all else is Claudia Black as Vala.  Although I have long been a fan of the show, I've long felt that there was a central problem in the core cast.  Though Richard Dean Anderson's Jack O'Neill was ever the wise cracker, there was a lack of genuine humor at the core of the show and despite the implied attraction between O'Neill and Samantha Carter, no real romantic chemistry.  But Vala is really, truly funny and a real sex post as well.  And it was brilliant to team her with the wound-too-tight Daniel Jackson rather than Col. Mitchell (which would have been expected, since Black and Ben Browder portrayed what was perhaps THE great romantic couple in all of TV Sci-fi, Aeryn Sun and John Crichton on FARSCAPE).  Vala and Jackson are great together, with the unconventional and free-spirited Vala both appealing to and threatening the Boy Scout Jackson.  As a huge fan of Claudia Black's Aeryn Sun, who was a stern and serious character, it was delightful seeing her be such a goofball on this show.  All in all, her character brought a bit of anarchism that was frequently lacking on the show.  If I have a regret with the series coming to an end, it is in not knowing what happens to her next.  In one of the most endearing touches of the season, the Stargate program only very gradually decides to allow Vala to become a part of the SG-1 team.  The season's opening credits start off with the main four marching through the gate, but the week after she is allowed to join, just as the four start to walk through, Vala scampers up to join them.The main plot for the final season focused on the ongoing struggle against the Ori, a group of ultra religious fanatics.  With religious fundamentalism dominating both domestic and international news, with both Christian fundamentalists in the US trying to force public opinion to conform with their beliefs and Islamic fundamentalists trying to force the rest of Islam to conform with their violent and intolerant readings of the Koran (readings that the vast majority of Muslims do not agree with), nothing could be more relevant than intolerant religious zealots who are willing to kill those who do not agree with them.There were some significant farewells in Season Ten.  Samantha's father, who had seen his life extended several years by accepting a symbiote and becoming a member of the Tok'ra, finally did die.  And not only Thor, but also the entirety of the Asgard died as well.Although STARGATE SG-1 was noted for its huge, epic, cliffhanging finales, the series finale was surprisingly subdued and quiet.  But also, I thought, remarkably appropriate.  I'm sure there was the temptation of a \
This is a spin off from the movie Star Gate with Kurt Russell and James Spader.  The series starts up where the movie left off.The shows were well written, and the acting was good.Of course Richard Dean Anderson gave the show its' sense of humor. Give the show a try.  Based on science fiction it was the cast that gave Stargate SG 1 a 10 year run on TV.
In case you aren't familiar with the show, this is the final season DVD set.It's a TV show that lasted 10 seasons and gave the viewers a realistic world of science fiction that often made you think if it's really fiction.Imagine finding an ancient artifact that allows you to travel light years away to another planet and explore the unknown. What you discover is fascinating, exciting and dangerous; We are not alone and we are not as advanced species as we once thought.I've been a Stargate SG-1 fan since the beginning.This DVD will complete my collection as I already seen all the episodes.  This is for my personal archive of what I consider the best Science Fiction show.I have been a long time fan of Science Fiction.  I watched various Star Trek Series, Space 1999, The Avengers, Doctor Who, just to name very few.I loved them all for what they gave me; a momentary escapism.  They all have given me a place where I can immerse myself and enjoy the wonder of another place and time.Then came the Stargate SG-1.  I'm sure many will argue what is the most influential SciFi of all times.  But if you ask me what show gave me the most satisfying and lasting impression as the best SciFi, it's Stargate SG-1.I have to thank the writers and the chemistry of actors who made it the most enjoyable show.
The 200th episode was pretty dumb, and there were too many episodes that got away from the ongoing theme (the Ori), but it was still pretty good, especially for 10 seasons.  Glad they could wrap up the Ori in the follow-on The Arc of Truth movie.  Stargate Atlantis is still the best of all of these Stargate shows.
Stargate went ten seasons, this alone should tell you how good the show was. The military man, the alien warrior, the nerd and the sexy scientist. Get it them all and you will have entertainment for some time to come.
This series is very adventure filled. Not only that but we love the concept of being able to travel to other worlds through a star gate worm hole. How awesome it that! in just seconds you're there. We watched several episodes a night and couldn't wait til the next time we were able to watch. It was fun to see what the team was up to next and what lie ahead on the next planet. You definitely won't be bored with this series.
and everything in between during the 10th season of \
Not as good as season 5, 6 or 7 but okay too.But I was very disappointed with the ending.Stargate definetely deserved a big impressive ending.For heavens sake! - such an awesome TV show - we are talking TV HISTORY:and then this weak lame ending........zero stars for the creativity of the writers involved.
The very dated soundtrack hurts this otherwise OK 70s crime drama. All the suspense scenes are marred by the hokey Dave Grusin score, which sounds like a dippy 1960s TV show. Some of the dialogue is spoken so quickly and mumbled that I found it hard to make out. Some have made a bit much of the Boston accents here. I'm from Massachusetts. Mitchum's accent isn't bad, but it's not fully real. His performance as the small-time crook-turned-rat who fears going back to jail is fine, but it's no Oscar winner. I did like the depiction of early 70s Boston and its suburbs, replete with many of the horrible vintage 60s and 70s Detroit autos of the period. Seeing them again made me shudder. This was based on what was probably George Higgins' best crime novel. I've never read it. Don't expect today's production values with this film. Everything moves a lot more slowly, and many shots needed tighter editing.
I was very pleased to find this on Criterion's pre-release list, but not surprised - it's just the sort of little-known cinematic gem that Criterion does wonders with. In fact, I've been looking for a copy of this for some time, having first seen Eddie Coyle years and years ago, the memory of the film's stark realism and mood etched in my mind like few others. This is definitive 70's Noir and a title fully worthy of a pull-out-all-the-stops release that Criterion consistently provides.  What a fine addition to the Criterion title catalogue, the choice reflecting - as usual - an impeccable sense of film history on the part of Criterion's staff.
\
This film was a minor letdown after reading all the five star reviews.  There's nothing intrinsically wrong with the film.  My theory is that after years of being out of circulation it's reputation exceeds it's actual artistic worth.  Everything here is aces, though.  Good direction, atmosphere and writing.  The acting is superb with the stolid Robert Mitchum leading the cast.  I particularly liked Steven Keats' gundealer and Richard Jordan's duplicitous fed.  I think we've been spoiled by the high quality of films in this genre with Sidney Lumet's \
An essay by David Mamet turned me on to George V. Higgins, and, completest that I am, I devoured all his novels.  He is the smartest dialogue writer I have ever read.  Last year's &#34;Killing Them Softly&#34; got the wit, zing, and poetry just right, and the delivery by Brad Pitt and James Gandolfini was  amazing.Robert Mitchum is more realistic in his approach, so, while the dialogue is not delivered with the great timing of Pitt and Gandolfini, his physical presence is completely believable as the low-level mobster, Eddie Coyle.Otherwise, kind of plodding.
this is one of those individualistic and remarkable films that for some reason has slipped under or past the usual critical and viewer recommendations -- hat tip to a.o. scott for highlighting it as a critic's choice in the new york times. \
Mitchum is always spell binding & he is again.  As a kid \
Good movie especially if you like Mitchum.
Though often dismissed by critics as \
\
\
Stargate Atlantis in my opinion is the best of the SG franchise.  The characters are excellent...lots of action, wit and even wisdom!
As I've said in all my reviews, I love the Stargate shows SG-1 and Atlantis, not so Universe.  I like the way they spun off the whole Atlantis discovery as the foundation for extending SG-1 which was great, but ran it's course and was in decline at the end.  It allowed some new characters, albeit with familiar personalities, along with keeping alive some old favorites with vague tie in's to their ongoing lives as well as bringing Samantha Carter back for a season to head the program (in addition to all her guest appearances).  I think the 3rd season of Atlantis was its best.  I knew from the start it would have a shorter shelf life than SG=1 because the premiss had already been pretty thoroughly explored in SG=1. A whole new universe allowed for some new bad guys, but the SG teams and the predicaments they can get into are finite before they are like plots different show.  I enjoyed their greater familiarity with the ancient technology but being Hyperspace or Warp drives, the technology is simply a backdrop to the episode storyline and seasonal/show ones.  I couldn't have stood waiting as long watching Stargate for them to develop defensive technologies and fight the enemies effectively.  I enjoyed the show and season 3 was at its peak as it was becoming a formula rotated through the seasons by season 4 and season 5 it is hard to get enthused when it begins by them canning a long time character who was well liked by fans and characters, replacing her with someone that I would have enjoyed having run Stargate for two shows and then get eaten by a Raithe no matter how much they tried to make it fun watching him have to change his ways to deal with the realities of being in the field.  The characters had become familiar such that losing main ones was difficult in this season making for some heavy shows, but also began the rotation that made it less upsetting when one was lost.  The only thing that sort of always left me in question was how on Atlantis they dealt with exploring an entire Galaxy with a few SG teams while back in the Milky Way they had a ton.  I realize there were more finite resources in the beginning, but by season 3 they had the huge city fairly up and running and enough trade partners to support a much larger military presence which all things considered I think back home on earth they would have been cranking out as many starships as possible because in the big picture they would need a fleet not a couple of ships.  i know they added on, but over years given the stakes I believe an international governing body would be funding mass production of those things so there was always one by earth, one by Atlantis and others for missions and with force.  It is part of what started to become a little to familiar, the desperate situation with impossible odds solved by a miraculous discovery at the last minute.  Great for a show, or a movie, but when it becomes cyclical it eventually translates to a show formula and the interest just begins to wane.  I did appreciate the writing around the problems they faced were of their own making many times (waking the wraithe early, messing with the replicator programming, genetic experiments on the wraithe to make them human) and the moral questions they raise in parallel with the real world application of genetics.  How much knowledge is to much before we are dabbling in areas we don't have enough seem to be evolved enough to have in our hands as they represent to much power, to much danger.  But for Star Gate fans I think Atlantis was a comfortable spin off that allowed a few more years of enjoyment of their &#34;world&#34; but unlike the Star Trek franchise that dealt with all universes the &#34;world&#34; created via the stargates became to self contained limiting the growth of the plots.  Bottom line is by this season you know what your getting and enjoying it, where in the seasons to come it started to get old and thus the show faded away.  Good, even great for periods, but limited from the start by being set in the present.  Great run while it lasted.
Phenomenal set of writers who seem to know how to keep the series action packed and with characters who the audience enjoy watching.  Strongly recommended for the SCI-FI junkies in the world.
I love anything Stargate!!!!!  One of the very few scifi series left on tv.....sad  :o(
Season 3 is as exciting and suspenseful as season 1 and 2 even though I've watched this series before. Truly great Sci-Fi!
The story lines and acting are superb in Season Three of Stargate Atlantis.  The best thing about the series is the varying episodes emotions from humor (Tao of Rodney & Irresistible) to sadness (Sateda & Sunday).  I really feel the actors are comfortable with their characters and are willing to explore more.  As always, I love the extras.  The behind the scenes and the commentaries are always good.  This is definately worth the purchase.
I love this series. This is the third or fourth time through for me. The characters of John Shepherd, Tayla, Dr Weir, Ronan and Dr. Becket and Dr McKay are unforgettable. It is a wonderful space fantasy. Whenever I want to escape into another world I go to Stargate Atlantis. I imagine how cool it would be to travel to other worlds through a stargate/wormhole and meet other people who of course speak my language, English. The SG-1 series is good too and was the beginning of the Stargate series. In the beginning of Stargate Atlantis Jack O'Neil passes the torch to John Shepherd. Very cool indeed.
Clean and fun Sci-fi. Not as dark and mature as Stargate Universe. Most of this felt like a clear good vs evil. Excellent effects budget and decent acting for a TV Sci-Fi. This was probably the best season for this series.
They should've created feature films for release in theaters of these tales.I hope we'll see more of these actors in the future.
At first I was hesitant to start watching the series because I really liked SG-1 and didn't want to be disappointed. After watching the first season I was hooked.
It is so good that i have watched it for a second time.  Just imagine if this were true.  Great cast.
i have loved all the sg series. it can get a little slap stick every now and then, but its still one of the great series of the last few years
Tell us why you chose this rating? Well, there is really only one answer I can give, only one word that sums up my feelings about this show: yes.
I just finished watching the third season DVD set, and while Stargate Atlantis is still my favorite Sci-Fi show, I was rather disapointed.Here's why.(Warning!  Spoilers below!)First, story arc failure. I was expecting a huge advancement in the story arc concerning the Wraith, but it just didn't happen.  Sure, they appear in a few good episodes, but it didn't seem like the story with respect to them in particular moved at all.Second, killing off Dr. Beckett.  I really liked him.  Maybe I'm dating myself a bit here, but he was kind of like Scotty and McCoy rolled together but with a cooler head.  This very lovable character will be missed.Third, rehashing the replicators.  With an entirely new galaxy as our backdrop for this series, why do the replicator thing all over again?  It was original enough on Stargate SG-1, but I was amazed that Atlantis started a story arc with replicators too.  Are they going creatively bankrupt already?Fourth, rehashing old sci-fi standbys, like the \
Had some trouble accessing some of the episodes, but very enjoyable.(Might be my old DVD player).Linda Sheean
Love this show and all the stargate series shows its a shame they only got 5 seasons because there was alot more you could do with the premise.
I really like Stargate Atlantis.  I like seeing the characters from the first Stargate series working with the current ones.
I'm a big fan of this series. The constant fight with the wraith is exciting and makes for good character development. No worries no spoilers here but expect Ann exciting season with very high stakes.
While this series hasn't reached the level as its predecessor overall the series does grow in entertainment and quality per episode, especially as we get some screen time with some of the other background characters in the series as well.  While the Wraith remain the primary enemy on the series we also get some intrusion from past enemies as well from G'aould to the Replicators as well as some cameo time from some of the SG1 team members too.  While Shepard is no Jack O'Neill he has started getting his own personality it seems that fits the series well and while the super model leader Teyla still feels unneeded she has become somewhat less annoying in the series as well.  If you have the Stargate series I say for the price these sets are going for that it's a pretty good bargain to add the five seasons of Stargate Atlantis to the shelf as well....
Show starting to find reasonable plots hard to find, but I enjoy the actors and their characters therefore I found the series enjoyable.
Warning!  There are multiple spoilers in the following review!I've watched STARGATE ATLANTIS from the beginning and have more or less enjoyed it from the start.  I definitely plan on continuing to watch it, but I have some concerns about the show that I'm convinced have to be addressed for it to continue to be worth watching.First and foremost, ATLANTIS has always had and continues to have serious cast problems.  They have now had three complete seasons to address these problems and while they have played with it some, most of their decisions have been odd at best.  I really like Joe Flannigan as Sheppard and David Hewlett as Rodney, but beyond that the cast is mainly made up of liabilities.  There was one other actor I liked a lot on the show, Paul McGillion as Beckett, but inexplicably in remaking the cast they chose to kill off one of the few strong characters on the show.  Rachel Luttrell as Teyla is more baffling.  Her character has never been very interesting, but I'm not convinced that Luttrell is untalented.  I suspect that for whatever reason the writers have simply not been willing or able to come up with any interesting arcs for her (apart from having an interesting connection to the wraiths, which by and large has been underutilized).  My hope is that they will rethink Teyla and either do both her and us a favor and kill her off, or become more aggressive in writing her character and give her some significant arcs and character development.  Jason Momoa as Ronon, however, is probably a lost cause.  He is perhaps the most wooden actor on television today and they have done virtually nothing of interest with his character.  David Nykl, however, is good as Zelenka.  I always enjoy his scenes with Rodney.  Finally, I really want to like Torri Higginson (not least because she bears a scary resemblance to an ex-girlfriend of mine).  I love shows that feature strong and interesting female characters, but after three years she remains yet another character with whom they've been unable to do very much.  In her case, however, it appears that the producers have decided to either write her out of the show entirely or reduce her merely to a recurring character.  I will continue to watch and sometimes enjoy STARGATE ATLANTIS, but they really need to do some serious rehabilitation.Some help is on the way.  We know that Amanda Tapping and her character Samantha Carter will be moving over from the cancelled STARGATE SG-1 to become the new head of the Atlantis project.  I think she will bring more strength to the role than Torri Higginson did.  Normally I would also applaud the casting of Jewel Staite as the new base doctor.  I loved her on FIREFLY as Kaylee, but I still regret Beckett's leaving the show.  But I honestly feel that the cast needs several more major changes.  The show has had to rely far too heavily on Sheppard and Rodney.The end of Season Three did, however, leave hope for new and better things.  Atlantis has emerged as the name not of a location that cannot be moved, but of a truly mobile city that can relocate . . . well, to anywhere.  The season ends with the city blasting off into space.  I'm anxious to see what happens next.  But whatever they do, I would like to see the show continue the risks it started taking in Season Three.  Killing Beckett was an abominable mistake (especially given that there were some other characters who could have been killed with far greater profit to the show), but it at least started giving the show something that both it and SG-1 have always lacked:  a body count.  The good adventure shows have body counts.  SG-1 had next to none.  The only truly heartbreaking death in ten seasons was when Dr. Frasier was killed.  It is no accident that that the episode in which that occurred was one of the finest in the series' run.  If you don't have a body count, you get no sense of danger.  On shows like BUFFY, LOST, and BATTLESTAR GALACTIC they have killed off some important characters.  As a result when a character is in danger you get a degree of danger that you never, ever get on ATLANTIS or SG-1.  Well, at least until they killed off Beckett and at least seriously injured Weir.  I dearly hope they continue doing this in the future.I also hope that we see Season Four taking the stories of the Wraith and the replicators to newer and more complex levels.  The series has had some great moments over the first three seasons, especially when they let situations get really desperate.  Hopefully they will continue to do this.While Season Three frequently left me wanting more due to the weaknesses in the overall cast, there were some great moments.  The season finale (both SG-1 and ATLANTIS have had some fine season enders) was splendid.  And the season featured what may be my favorite episode of the entire series so far in \
Stargate Atlantis is a fun and intertaining series. Full of action, good characters and imagination. My husband and I both really love the series.
This is a great sci-fi fiction show for the whole family.  We enjoy watching it.  Very glad the whole show is on prime to view.
This is by far the best season so far. I kept looking forward for nighttime to watch an episode.One thing I like about this season is that some episodes follow on the previous ones. In other words, many episodes are not standalone. Many viewers do prefer standalone episodes, and producers certainly do. For producers, having standalone episodes means a viewer can jump in and watch the series at anytime during the season. This has the benefit of increasing ratings. For some viewers, standalone episodes are also an advantage since they can watch and enjoy an episode without having seen any other episodes. I, on the other hand, prefer continuity, sort of like 24 Hours. For this reason, I thought this season of Stargate Atlantis to be the best.I do have a few comments about this season:1. Dr. Beckett dies in a very simple plot. I was really very disappointed. Beckett was one of my favorite characters, and I often wished he was given more of a principal role. The writers also did a lousy job in the episode in which he was killed. They could have killed him off in two or three one-hour episodes that followed up on each other, thus adding more suspense and thrill. On the other side of the coin, though, killing off a principal character also means that all characters on the show are susceptible to death--none are superhuman. We know James Bond never dies in his movies. However, next time a character is threatened with death in Stargate Atlantis, we will be glued to our seats, wondering whether he or she will die! `Death in the air' makes the episodes more suspenseful.2. The character of Teyla (Rachel Luttrell) has not been developed, and she does not have much to say that is interesting. She is also dressed up in a way to make her look sexy. Shouldn't she be wearing a uniform? Can you imagine a female soldier in Iraq wearing her outfit?3. Jason Momoa as Ronon is another underdeveloped character. Sometimes he is annoying. He also is sparsely dressed, being topless most of the time. Like Teyla, I would imagine he'd wear a uniform. Don't they ever get cold?4. Dr. Weir's (Torri Higginson) character is also weak. She should be given more principal roles. There are rumors that she might be replaced in upcoming seasons.5. There is too much Rodney in this season, and this gets to be annoying at times.6. In one episode, a ship full of ancients is found. They reclaim Atlantis, and basically kick out the Stargate team from the city, who all return back to Earth. However, in the second episode they are all killed. That was really bad storytelling. As one reviewer pointed out, couldn't an \
This is the best of the three shows (SG-1, Atlantis, and Universe).  Too bad they dorked with the actors in the last 2 seasons.
Yet again another fantastic &#34;Gate&#34; series. Intelligently executed script, an almost perfect cast and just enough babes and bullets to keep you coming back.
the entire series from the first season through the final fifth season is a marvelous creation of imagination. I love the characters and a course the city with all it's amazing technology listening leo's be under comprehension in some cases shouldn't even be in a position. The monsters better created each week or dangers of the universe springs both in outer space in technology lovers races that they came in contact with. The rating the central 1. I enjoyed the up organic feel the race very similar to the movie series alien having that to organic look to the interiors of the ship and there insect always of preserving food and consuming the life force of human being
Good series  Very happy that William Fitchner joined the crew. He's such a good actor and adds a lot to the show.
I never watched this show on TV. I had heard about it but I couldn't add one more to my queue. Then the show ended after season 5, my shows went on hiatus for the summer, and I wanted a show to watch. I have to say, I'm not only glad I picked this show, I'm glad I actually waited until now. I blew through the first season real fast and thought maybe I'd take a break, except that didn't happen because of the nice cliffhanger at the end so immediately in went season 2.Like I said in the title, this show is like a drug. I blew through season 2 faster than the first season. They're out, they're on the run, the Fox River Eight. T-Bag is the villain you love to hate. Scofield is still the modern day MacGuyver. Sucre gets far more interesting. Burrows really is able to reveal his bad-@$$ nature, and the plot continues to thicken with \
This is an addictive show. Suspense that leaves you wanting to fast forward to next week so you can find out what is going to happen next.
More fun from the behind bars, okay they are on the run now, oops hope that doesn't spoil it for you!!
This is a very good second season. Granted they are not in Prison anymore. They broke out and are on the run with other prisoners. Added new people to the mix and they fit in well. This show has a lot of good action, drama and story.Has a lot of intense scences as well as surprises. The bond between the brothers is done well. The man that steals the Show is Agent Kellerman. A very good series to own.
This was my first try at rent a series which has, to me unknown actors.  Bice relationships between a few of the characters
From beginning to end of season 2 Michael Scofield (Wentworth Miller) and his brother Lincoln Burrows (Dominic Purcell) are on the run from the police and government agents that want them dead. The other convicts lives are on the line as well since all of them have been ordered to be killed. They also want Dr. Sara Tancredi (Sarah Wayne Callies) dead or anyone else who has tried to help Scofield and his brother. To show that these guys aren't messing around, season 1 regular Veronica (Robin Tunney) is killed violenty at the end of the first episode of this season.William Fichtner plays Agent Alexander Mahone who we think just wants to catch them but it later turns out that he has been ordered to kill them. Plus that's not all that makes this guy a threat....he's extremely smart and always seems to know what Scofield's next move is going to be. Which is another thing that makes this season so thrilling. You never really know what this guy is going to do next or who he's going to find next. I was hoping he'd find and kill T-Bag (Robert Knepper) but that sleaze ball makes it through the whole season. I don't wanna see this guy die because Knepper is bad at playing him or anything. I wanna see him die because Knepper is fantastic at making you hate this worthless piece of garbage. He's a rat that kills innocent people and slizzers his way away through most the season.Paul Adelstein as Agent Paul Kellerman is back after Scofield and Burrows. But he makes some important decisions as the season goes on and turns out to be just what they need if they want to clear Burrows' name. So there's a lot of character development going on in this season. There's a lot of running going on this season but since this show has great writing it's always engaging and you never really know what is going to happen next. So it's not just a whole lot of brainless chase scenes through the whole season. It's always exciting and has you at the edge of your seat. Plus there is still some scenes where they are captured and have to figure out how to escape. Hell this season has everything really. It's really a must see!
The first season of \
As the second season of Prison Break opens, things get moving along rather quickly.  Michael (Wentworth Miller), Linc (Dominic Purcell), Sucre (Amaury Nolasco), C-Note (Rockmond Dunbar), and John (Peter Stormare) have escaped from prison and are on the run.  After going their seperate ways, shady FBI Agent Mahone (William Fichtner) arrives on the scene with one main intention: stop Michael and Linc from escaping the country.  In the meantime, T-Bag (Robert Knepper) goes to some great lengths to get what he wants, and Captain Bellick (Wade Williams) is still hot on the brothers' trail.  The conspiracy that was apparent in season one is even more farther reaching here, as revelations are made that will cost everyone involved dearly, and by the end of the season, not everyone that has been here since the beginning will still be standing.  What makes Prison Break so good is that the show never relents from it's break neck pacing.  This could easily be a bad thing, but the minds behind Prison Break manage to keep the constant flow stable enough so you never know what to expect next.  Even with the major change of scenery for the main characters, the show stays more compelling than ever as it becomes a high octane game of cat and mouse.  Undoubtedly one of (if not the) best shows on prime time network television today (and on Fox), Prison Break just keeps getting better, and by the end of the season finale, you'll be salivating for more.
It was interesting how the roles became reversed.  Michael is now the prisoner in one of the worst prisons possible and the brother is now the free man.  Talk about twist of fate.  I was excited to see T-bag back in the second season.  He's a mean, rotten man, but somehow he just grows on you.  You kind of believe there's some good in there, some where.
Love this show. Plenty of twists and turns.really good, great cast and acting. Lots of great guest stars to keep it fun and interesting.
I vaguely remember it the first time. There was a lot of hoopla and you weren't normal if you couldn't converse about each weeks episode. This time I was ill and decided to have a marathon. It all melted together. The actors,the script,music editors producers. it made me scream at the tv like an idiot and laugh like\
Breaking out of prison is one thing.  Dealing with the inevitable and complicated fallout and consequences afterwards is another.In the second season of this series, the characters discover just how hard it is to regain a normal life, a life not spent on the run.  C-Note has a wife and sickly daughter who suffer to a degree because of him and he nearly kills himself.  T-Bag's twisted logic tells him that his former lover will take him back into her home, but he doesn't face reality.  Bellick thinks he can find the money but ends up imprisoned in a foreign country and has left Sucre's beloved woman locked up somewhere.Haywire ends up dead, as does Tweener, while Mahone and others involved in the conspiracy and the hunt create their own hell.Scofield and Burrows try to hide out in Panama with Sarah, but all goes asunder and Scofield is now in the hellish prison of that country.In such a bleak world, it's amazing that any of these people keep trying to carve out a life for themselves.
Just finished watching it - bought the UK version last week.Good but not as good as season one.Some lame weak writing there.More like a fugitive show than the very unique original first season.Great acting again from Michael, Linc and the crewPlus some good actionso I recommend buying it
I have kept up with Bones through the current season and I have to say that I think season 2 is my favorite season! The chemistry, the stories are especially excellent and enjoyable to watch!
My overriding impression of \
The Bones tv series is a great show.  David Boreanaz and Emily Deschanel work so good together and even though it is a crime drama, there are also plenty of light moments that will make you laugh.  I love it and hope this series goes on for many more seasons.
I admit that I found myself caught up in the TV whirlwind that is Bones.  But with good reason a show that focuses on solving crimes via skeletal remains mixed with humor, sorta romance and danger.  It all equals a wildly addictive TV show that has you coming back for more with each episode watched.It stars David Borenaz and Emily Deschanel as partners working together.  Along Dr. Brennan and her crew of coworkers who are just as important to the show as the two stars in it.  All kinds of things take place in the 2nd season with more storylines resolved and new ones opened up.  They are just as addictive and compelling as the first season and they even have an addition to the team as a whole in a new director (Tamara Taylor) for the Jeffersonian.I love the way the season progresses with the different members of the team reaching new personal goals and other things (marriage (sorta), promotion).  It's exciting to see a show this good actually stick around for more than a minute.  I can only hope that Season 3 picks up right where this season ended on a very high note and full of possibilities this time around.  That i'm sure will have even more people flocking to check out this all around well written, directed and acted show in Bones.
Bones is a great TV show. Not like about 90% of the Trash on TV.. It is fun to watch, and keeps you going.. If you want a good TV show. THis is one to get!!!!!
I hadn't watched Bones until I picked up the first season on DVD when I was looking for something different to watch. Now it's one of my favorite shows--much more fun than CSI, a little gross at times, but over all one of the best shows on the tube right now.
I think Bones is a very good show. I love all the characters and the chemistry between all of them is fun to watch.
Better than the first.  Know a bit more about the history of the characters and their motivations.  Dr. Seroyan is excellent addition.  You get a hint of grossness of the murder victims but not over much. The writing is still excellent and holds your attention. Looking forward to the new season and more cases.
I loved this season of Bones even more than season one, as more of the cast are developing to fuller characters, with new subplots to keep things tied together, and more really cool forensics.Dr Brennan (Emily Deschanel) continues to struggle with her desire to feel normal emotional connection, while her intellect keeps her from exactly getting there, and while the chemical tension with her partner simmers under the surface. Thrown into the mix are new moral dilemmas due to her developing knowledge of her birth family, and shades of gray start to infiltrate her world of black and white. Can one be a moral (justified) killer? Etc. Forgiveness and love are examined in rather unique waysBones is very good TV, that I can enjoy with both my wife and my teens.So if you have already watched season one, get season two (but really, watch one first for the character development that is quite good) and have a marathon fun weekend!
O Happy Day! As presented in widescreen, here's Season 2 of Bones. The great news is that there's no slack off at all from season one's most excellent run. Involving forensic conundrums and grim visions of death once again winningly meld with great drama, humor, pathos, and tenuous romance. Emily Deschanel as forensic anthropologst Dr. Temperance \
This second season is exploring new ways and avenues where bones are of course multiplying at leisure and for our best pleasure. Yet this second season is quite new in several aspects.First and foremost the season is widely open to personal matters and it explores the private, and at times not so private, relations between the members of the team, after the boss has been changed to a woman, which rebalances the sexual ratios. Bones herself is courting and going out with an FBI agent who has temporarily replaced Booth while he was sort of suspended and deprived of a gun after shooting a clown on top of an ice-cream vendor's van. But in the end she will not go through the process completely as far as leaving the Jeffersonian for a life of full leisure and farniente.Zack manages to get his doctorate and to be hired in the job he was holding as an intern because he goes to Angela and begs for help on his  look and manages to become presentable, which means he can now stand in court and testify seriously in a deportment that can carry the agreement of the jury. So far he is no longer obsessed by sexuality but he encounters a great difficulty: he is summoned by the White House to go to Iraq. But this time this reference does not lead to any political dissertation or even cogitation on the subject. Political questions are systematically and carefully avoided in this second season.Jack and Angela are finally realizing they love each other and even decide to get married and they finally find themselves in front of a priest (in fact a black priestess) in some church for the last step when the State Department steps in and reveals Angela is already married in some kind of broom stick over-jumping ceremony. More later, I guess.Booth is entangled in the hands of a British shrink after his shooting the clown on the ice-cream vendor's van and he is a perfect sucker, building a full barbecue for the shrink under the shrink's blackmailing procedure of retaining the document he must sign. This same shrink will also step into Bones' psyche as some kind of private counselor. Agent Booth and Doctor Brennan will not be able to establish some kind of personal relationship, especially since Temperance's father reappears in her life and even saves the situation a couple of times. But he has to be arrested by Booth and be brought to court for his ancient crimes, including the attack against the deputy chief of the FBI, though this one was crooked to the utmost, his lips kissing the heels of his shoes or something like that.Booth reestablishes for a short while a relationship with the new boss of the institute, Dr Camille Saroyan, with whom he had had a liaison some time ago in another life. But that cannot last more than one or two episodes. This is characteristic of all these people: they are unable psychologically or administratively to build balanced and normal relationships. Is it a side effect of their jobs or professions, we can wonder, or simply  personal immaturity?That level of the season blurs out the various crimes and cases they examine and solve. And these cases do not deal with political issues or even with immigration, except one case about some strange Chinese practice of burying the bones of a man with the bones of a woman so that the man has some company on the other side of the road. Most cases are plain simple crimes in America and among Americans. But they often deals with social problems like the mother of a severely handicapped girl: what can the mother do to help her child the genetic victim of a deadly disease that keeps her retarded, even if it is only for a short time before she dies? Some of these questions are crucial: do we have the right to experiment on human beings new treatments that would enable astronauts to reinforce their bones that get highly decalcified due to prolonged sojourn in space?Some of the cases are plain vicious crimes and it is fun to catch the killers who are most of the time not at all the one or the ones we were expecting. Suspense is always with us even if the personal and more sentimental level of this season makes that suspense not as intense as I would personally prefer it to be.Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint Denis, University Paris 12 Cr&eacute;teil, CEGID
These are the kind of replays that are always entertaining for the whole family. Enjoyable and good to relax in front of.
Generally I'm not a fan of procedurals (shows without a continuing story, where each episode stands on it's own and isabout 'procedure'; legal, medical, etc), but this is as close to an exception as I'll get.Give credit to excellent writing, directing and acting, and having supporting characters that are rich and really addsomething to the show. When it's at it's best this can be downright terrific, bringing me to tears more than once, andmaking me laugh out loud a few times too. It can be very, very smart.While the 2nd season represented growth, mostly by focusing even more on our running characters and their ongoing stories,it can still be hit or miss. Every 3rd episode or so is really special.  That's a higher batting average than the first season.The other episodes are still good, almost always watchable, (one or two really don't work), but often you can see the twistscoming a mile off, or the jokes get a little stale.The show is at it's best when the episodes are really about the often funny, sometimes heartbreaking inner lives ofour running characters, and not simply about brilliantly (and inevitably) catching the bad guy/gal. Or when it's dealingwith the more human side of forensics - the grief and pain of those left behind. That's when this well made show moves waybeyond 'clever crime of the week' status.
I tried the book series but couldn't get into it-both before the tv Bones began and after watching it-they are so different. The series is a wonderful mix of science, friendship,  sexual tension between the two leads and \
Again I really Love this show and the people are great the story keeps you wanting for more each week...
Whiel the first season of Bones was slightly imperfect, partly due to the real geekiness of its actors, it was a pleasure to watch. Fortunately with Season two the craetors have managed to make this an even better series. Boreanaz' stigma of having played Angel in the Buffy franchise is now completely gone and we can identify him with agent Booth completely. Bones social ineptitude is also put more on clear display this time. These are the two main things that mange to make the chemistry between them even stronger than last season.
The show is fast paced and a bit thin on story but it is still fun and better than many network shows.  Bones is based on the forensic science unit of the Smithsonian Institution.  The show always has a murder that the show has to solve forensically and the relationship between the workers who seem to work 24/7 adds some spice.  The stories of the Grave Digger and Brennan's father are my favorite.
Fortunately, the second season of BONES mantains the high standards achieved int he first season.The chemistry between Bones and Booth only improves. Also, the additon of a new female head chief (Cam)for the Jeffersonian team was a clever idea and worked nicely. This, adding to intriguing plots, superb support roles by Ryan O'Neil and Stephen Fry, scaring villains like Eppes and the guy that buried BOnes (the first case to not be solved - probably until further episodes!)and the \
Bones are the best series if you like crime and love story then these are the best series for you
Season 2 explores the relationship and the background of the show's characters. Their relationships are tested by trials, tribulations, killers trying to get them and trying to save each other. This is a really good show. It is well written, interesting and captivating. David Boreanaz and Emily Deschanel have great on-screen chemistry. Dechanel portrays \
I loved Kathy Reichs' books centering on the Temperence Brennen character and read them all.  The show is somewhat different from the books but still very pleasing.  Reichs continues act as an executive producer/consultant and it shows in the forensic goodies.  Emily Deschanell is perfectly cast for her role as the tile character, and David Boreanz as well as her FBI cohort.  Plenty of humor to offset the gruesome details of the murders they investigate.  If you like crime procedurals, you won't be disappointed in this show.  There is also some nice romantic interplay among the various cast members as well.  A very attractive cast.  The shows are consistently enjoyable.
Building on the momentum of its first season, this Fox series continues successfully combining the morbidity of forensic investigation with the intrigue of budding office romances.Spicing things up, an old girlfriend of Booth's, Dr. Camile 'Cam' Saroyan (Tamara Taylor) becomes Dr. Brennan's boss (\
I really enjoyed this TV series, and I found it superior to season one.In season two, the relationship between Dr. Brennan and Booth is well developed, albeit unpredictable, especially with the newly introduced and sexy new boss. There are a lot of tensions, thrills, passions, conspiracies, and sex in this season. Some episodes were extremely well though-off and intriguing. I did like the most the episode on the astronaut. Are there aliens from outer space, and did one just fall down to Earth? Watch the episode to find out.This series will teach you a lot of medical terms as well as how crimes are committed (and how not to commit crimes).
...Season 2 is where Bones hits its stride.  S1 was a fanatastic season, and what hooked most of us who have continued to watch this series, which is, by the way, currently one of the most well-written, character-driven, comprehensive shows on network television.And it is the well written episodes (that frequently tie-in to the past season and also allude to the future) and the absolutely outstanding and superior characters that make this show pretty damn flawless.  From \
This show got even better in its second season, with the arrival of the tough new Cam as the boss of the squints, the wonderful Stephen Fry appearing as Booth's psychiatrist, Angela and Hodgins falling in love, and wonderboy Zach being promoted and getting a new haircut in the process.  The characters and the show are really coming into their own now.  I look forward to season 3.
The interaction between Bones and Booth got even better this season.  The change in other characters helped develop the series.
Most British comedy always gives me a laugh or twenty, but one in which pretentiousness is skewered is especially enjoyable.
I continue to find a visit with keeping up appearances a delight.  Every one of these people are true professionals.  None of us would want a neightbor with hyacinth, but we love to watch others deal with her.
Love this series and watch it over and over.  I am sure many people who watch it know a person like Hyacinth, which makes it even more humorous.  I am so happy I can watch it any time I want a good laugh with my Premium membership.
This is one of my favorite comfort series and is great for a good cheer up.  Hyacinth's life revolves around appearing &#34;better&#34; than her station would really allow and is hilarious.  Having someone of high quality nod at her in her mind makes her best friends that she can brag about.  Patricia Routledge is excellent in her role as are the actors her play her husband, friends and family.  If you haven't seen this show, you need to.  You won't be disappointed!
When life is busy or frustrating, I turn on Hyacinth and relieve stress.  Good laughs are helpful and she provides so many.  Feel sorry for Elizabeth, but she's an angel and we think Richard is wonderfully written and acted, poor guy.  Very entertaining.
I enjoy British comedies. The language makes me think and stay focused.This comedy has always gotten laughs from me.
I found this show by accident and fine it hilarious. I love Hyacith, Richard and the rest of the family.  A well written and acted show .  I miss some of the dialog due to the accent but the more I watch the better I understand.  A very funny sitcom.
If you enjoyed Season 1 of Hyacinth and her attempts to impress all her friends and acquaintances, then you will also enjoy Season 2.  Brother- in-law Onslow and sisters Daisy and Rose keep popping up just in time to overturn Hyacinth and Richard's dinner party plans or a visit to a nobleman' s estate. Neighbors, the milkman, and and the postman also try their best to avoid Hyacinth, but can't quite seem to sneak by her house without running into her and getting a lecture on having cleaner shoes, better milk bottles, finding lost mail, etc. Of course, having her 90 year old \
English humor can be a little hard to understand sometimes, but funny enough to keep me laughing & watching repeatedly until I began to get it
Clean, funny and plain right down silly.  Great acting and fun to watch.  I would recommend this to a friend.
It could happen! But for me the story was tragic and bleak (that's the point, I know!). The visual effects were good, the acting was good, and the story was okay. It was a vary long opening to an attempted invasion of earth. And I felt it's main female character was short changed.
Dragged out in the beginning. Was interesting to a point. The others I have said are a bit better. Event, Defiance, and Falling skies where better. Hope that helps. Looking forward to seeing more of those and grim. This has the cast, just needs better to the story line.
Example: scientist walks into the bar where there is only 1 patron & the bartender.  That patron, the pilot who shot down the UFO asks the scientist to his table & in his second sentence, he's hitting on her.  Unexplainable given he had just been on the phone with his girl friend begging her not to break up with him.Example: scientist shows credential at the gate to a secure military base holding the UFO.  Guard doesn't have it verified. Really?  Then, scientist doesn't or can't go into the hanger & examine the UFO with the other scientists.  Why doesn't she verify what's she's seeing?Then when she & the pilot go to the hospital, they are admitted without it being verified they can have access.  Hunh?
While I liked this mini-series enough to but all 5 parts- I was disappointed in the non-ending . Maybe there was supposed to be more story later? Major characters are tossed away. I wouldn't see it again.
Typical short series kinda sci-fi. Worth the watch if your looking for something easy to watch and have time to kill.
I remember seeing part of this miniseries.  It is a good one and worth watching.  Interesting plot and concept.  Plus the acting is really good.
Overall the mini-series was well handled and held my interest right up to the end. The end, however, was more of a stopping point than a wrap-up as it left most of the important questions unanswered.This one may be good to-rent for those who are die-hard science fiction fans but will have a limited audience in others. I enjoyed watching it once but will probably not watch it again.
The story was interesting but effects and budget where low by BBC standards.  It was nice that it's all wrapped up in just 6 episodes.
British actors do a great job with this unusual alien invasion story.  What is it like?  Well, don't expect state-of-the-art special effects; don't expect elaborate costumes, spaceships, or aliens.  Rather, you will find a delightful British cast who makes the story line work, because you like the characters.The storyline?  It starts with WW-II when a strange craft and \
Fans of Phyllis Logan, who plays Mrs. Hughes on Downton Abbey, will enjoy seeing her in this show. She plays the often tough, but ultimately heroic Squadron Leader Helen Knox. The story has a few puzzling twists, and there's way too much military trigger-happiness. The sets have that \
This is one of the more campy and fun SciFi shows to come from the BBC. It has some of the same arch sense of humor that makes the Dr. Who series so beguiling, but with a slightly darker and more dangerous edge.
Science fiction is one of my favorite themes. It can be smaltzy or realistic, it doesn't matter as long as the plots are moving forward realistically and the acting is decent. More often than not,  most Sci Fi hasn't developed varied plots, but for now, until the industry has more imaginative writers, it is ok. I prefer real science fiction, not blurred into fantasy of mythical beasts and vampires, which end up moving the imagination back into reality and snuffing out the momentum of plot advancement.My only suggestions are: keep it real with emotional responses, don't overdo it with fake shooting scenes, devise unique ways to solve problems (McGiverish), and grow the the characters relationships.  There is nothing wrong with a good &#34;McGuffin&#34;.If a series can develop over time, I'll be a faithful watcher. If not, once episode or less is enough.
Invasion Earth is a very slow moving Sci-Fi that you really have to try hard to get through the first few episodes. I would not recommend this series.
The show is done in the 1990's, but it looks older than that.  I didn't relate to the characters and I don't like to gross alien testing.  I like my invasion stories to have characters I care about and watch them grow.
Well, I think this series would be great for mystery science theater review.  I like the campy quality of the series  but die hard scifi fans probably won't like it.  I would like to give a nod to a Downton Abbey star who plays a significant role in this series.  Can you pick out the actor?
I have given this 4 stars for only one reason; it has an excellent ending in the tradition of the best classic science fiction tradition. That's what really saved the series for me. It's not a huge time investment, and it's worth watching despite the terrible acting (even the good actors are appallingly bad) and the bizarre plot (it's as if the writers wanted to cram several completely different plots into one short mini-series, leading to a real mess). If you love classic science fiction I think this is worth a try, but if you stop before the end you'll probably be left disappointed, as in all other regards this is a 2-star show.
I wish it had continued and gave more back story on the bad aliens and the good aliens that sent the Lieutenant from WW2 to warn them. It did prove Einsteins theory of relativity was correct. The show would have made a great television series. I won't give any more spoilers. Happy watching
I like scifi.  Looked for series 2 but wasn't available.  I'd like to know what happened to her and her colleague!
Am enjoying it but wish that more of the scenes were better lighted.  Hard to see sometimes.  A range of accents makes adds to the interest.
Brit show with several downtown abbey regulars in cast.  Ok for middle of night insomnia.  Fred ward should have been a bigger star.
A lot &#34;off the wall&#34;.First thing I noticed was the Alert response time (at the beginning) of nearly 10 minutes is TOTALLY wrong. (Seriously folks, it's under 60 seconds!!)  and to place the ONE GUY responsible (for the whole debacle) in a position of leadership!?! NOT HAPPENING!!! And there's not a way -- good or bad -- to 'spin' it.The story was very good, but what this series lacked was a director.
Starts out as what you may think is a typical alien film. But, as you get into it you may find yourself enjoying the unexpected turns. I would have given 5 stars if the effects were just a bit more realistic.
I watched this because the Brits usually do a good job with good production values, casting and story lines.  However, in this case it proved a waste of 5 hours. The writers, directors and editors should be ashamed to put their names in the credits.  Important things happen with no apparent reason and the watcher is left scratching his/her head wondering what was the point.  The American general is miscast and not believable.  Lots of clicking of computer keyboards for solutions that never seem to work out. The ending stinks!
unfortunatley, I seem to be watching the seasons out of order (i can get several seasons on amazon, other ones from different places) - but the season is great - good twists & change-ups - now just get amazon to make all the seasons available...
Wow the season with Ozzie.  Watching him swim and do so many of the challenges was fun.  Definitely one of the good seasons!
If you love survivor then you will want to checkout this season. This is one of the better seasons.Love it.
No spoilers.I LOVED this season. The division in the tribes was incredibly entertaining and I loved seeing the drama that played out because of it. There's several big name players that come from this season and for good reason - they're amazing Survivors and a lot of fun to watch.If you're looking to spend money on a season of Survivor, it doesn't get much better than this. I highly recommend.
I'm loving the ability to go back and watch the seasons of Survivor I missed! I was especially looking foward to this season because one of the castaways is from the same small town as I am. Please Amazon, get more older seasons soon!
This is another great show with scenery that is not to be missed.  The challenges and rewards allowed the contestants to enjoy the native island culture.
Wonderful. Need all seasons available to buy.
Yul is a great Survivor and is the mastermind of the entire season and deserves to win. Jeff Probst declares he was disappointed that Ozzy didn't win because of how well he dominated all the challenges. Ozzy is one of the best players to ever play the game and his game is pure according to Yul. He doesn't screw anyone in his alliance over and physically is a step above anyone else in the game. Yul is much smarter than Ozzy and gets more respect from the other players. Jonathan Penner is pretty funny and owns Probst in some of the back and forth at challenges. In the start of the game the tribes are divided by ethnicities into 4 tribes, which has never happened in Survivor. After the Asians dominate the first 2 challenges the tribes are mixed up. The hidden immunity idol plays a big role in this season. It's pretty cheap that you get to play it after the votes are read, so the person with the idol never gets any votes. This is a great season of Survivor, you should buy it.
playback is horrible.is pauses all the time and makes watching it a pain in the A&#34;&#34;&#34;&#34;&#34;.if this was a dvd I would return it for a new one, but it is instant video purchase.
if for no other reason, select this season and admire oscar in all his glory! this man's smile will break hearts around the world...
Horatio and his crew just keep on doing what they do best, convict the folks that think its easy to get away with killing folks.  They do it with style, class, determination and sometimes a sense of humor as well.  Really loved the season 5 opening episode in Brazil that was really cool to see them go there and take down a criminal that thought he was getting away with killing someone dear to Horatio.  Very solid season 5 throughout with various crimes and different drama that affected everyone at the CSI office from gambling to ex's that just won't go away.  It has something for everyone especialy loved the special features with Wolf (Ryan Togo) showing us the ends and outs of the real CSI Miami office and what goes on there very cool.Looking forward to season 6 with the way this one ended, i know it come out in typical CSI Miami fashion with a bang.
This season slowed down a little bit compared to season 4.  Intensity was there, but as the season progress, less chaos between episodes.  Opening was cool in Brazil.  Season closer wasn't that hyped, though the story was good.  Highlights:  Delko almost dies, Horatio saves a stripper, Wolf gets fired, and nicer looking cars. . .
Loved the characters, their interactions, the crimes and how they were solved.  Love to see this show renewed.  Great fun, entertaining, and educational (for those of us who know nothing about catching the criminal).
The first couple of episodes weren't the best but overall, it is a good series. It kinda looks like they are just putting something together to have a show on a couple of the episodes. That is my only negative. A couple of the old case files came back into the picture and the bad guy comes to justice. I love it when they do that!Another good season for Miami:CSI!
This is another great police show,it also gets better each season and you also learn more background each season.Some of the eposides get emotional at the end  of them this season.
Well one after another, I enjoy them all usually. The lighter ones give me a break from the intensity. That can help, especially watching before going to bed.
To me, season four is the last of the great NCIS seasons, until season Nine. Gibbs is in Mexico, Ziva is on the run after being framed by a former massad officer who everybody thought was dead. Tony is the team leader, and Mcgee is no longer the probie. Ziva calls Gibbs in mexico, and he agrees to come back to the states to help. The F.B.I gets involved. But in the end, Ziva proves that she's an Investigator first now, and gets the killer to talk. Which clears her, and allows Gibbs to go back to Mexico. But not for long, as Fornell asks Gibbs's help in solving a case, which he does. And decides to come back to NCIS for good, the stories in season four are outstanding. The Halloween story alone is worth watching, as a marine is attacked in his home. And his daughter is kidnapped, and all throughout the case, Ziva thinks that the Daughter's mother is the one who kidnapped her own daughter. But alas, in the end she is wrong.  Or the creepy episode, \
For some reason, we had never watched this show.  Once we saw it we fell in love with it and have now watched season 1 though season and are anxiously awaiting season 11.
I hated Mark Harmen for years.  I saw him in 2 roles where he was a really bad dude, and so convincing I decided he must be a bad dude for realz.  When NCIS came along I said &#34;I'm not watching that A hole&#34;.  The everyone kept telling me how much fun it was and how I was missing it.  I got the first couple seasons on sale and decided to give it a shot.  All is forgiven Mark.  The show is smart, funny and fresh every time.  they do not go too far on gore or violence and they always look good, even in a prison camp which is not easy.  You can start with any season and still enjoy but I suggest begining at the begining.
Love NCIS - enjoyed Season 4.  Watching every episode of every season to date to have a better understanding of the characters.  This is an awesome show.
The first two episodes' guest stars are Eyal Podell and Brandon Barash - both sleeper stars biding their time in the land of Daytime Television aka soap operas.
Love this show and love having the DVD's to watch anytime I wish. I am looking forward to purchasing seasons 7, 8 and 9 (when available) to complete my collection. We purchased seasons 1-6 for Christmas :-)
as we all know Season 3 leaves us with Gibbs gone from his position as the head of the NCIS team.  He's out of the fold but comes back in a case by case basis for the first few episodes.  As Tony is in charge of the team since Gibbs has been gone and isn't really too keen on giving that position back.  Among them being Ziva gets framed for murder when a bombing takes place while she's out on the town.  It only takes another episode or two and Gibbs is back and running things.  All the actors/actresses come together to make this show what it is.  A throughly engaging, story driven and all around fun show to watch.It just clicks from episode to episode with various cases in need of solving and a couple that delve deeper into the inner workings of the Director.  As she has a history with one of the criminals that the team is trying to apprehed.  The fourth season of NCIS continues to roll on and bring us excellent stories.  I'm looking forward to checking out the next couple seasons on DVD very soon.  Keep the show going it is one of the better and more interesting shows out there.
My wife has become incurably hooked on this show and the eclectic cast of characters. It is entertaining to watch as a result of clever writing and convincingly portrayed characters.  The plots are extremely varied even though they all boil down to the same crime scene investigation theme. There are both ongoing story lines as well as satisfactory resolution of crimes in each episode. The person who dreamed up the character of Abbey deserves a gold star and the role is convincingly as well as entertainingly played.
\
Great fun to enjoy again and again.  Enjoy the characters, especially Abby,Ziva, and Ducky.
This is a season of on-going story linesGibbs could not be allowed to retire and the first couple of shows bring him back to active duty.This season has several strong individual episodes.Witch Hunt has the famous Abby as Marylyn Monroe at Halloween.The episodes Once a Hero, Driven, Dead Man Walking and Smoked are excellent stand-alone stories.Twisted Sister and Friends & Loves present a McGee in a new light and are major steps in this characters development.Their are a number of story lines, some major and some just fun, in this season.Special Agent Lee and Jimmy have several encounters in less than appropriate places lending some comic relief.The publication of McGee's first book has some team members upset with how their portrayal.The decision to retire creates problems for Gibbs; Tony became team leader and is involved in special projects for the director.  These are ongoing stories during the season as problems are \
I don't have television, haven't for 11 years. When I learned CBS was allowing free viewing over the internet I checked it out and started watching episodes of CSI, CSI NY, CSI Miami, and NCIS. I found NCIS to be my favorite and this particular show Dead And Unburied is my favorite so far. I enjoy the light-heartedness of NCIS. So I decided to download this episode from Amazon Unbox.I really wish Amazon Unbox would allow me to burn shows I've purchased. As it is they are restricted to viewing on my computer. When Unbox expands this service to allow me to burn DVDs I will likely purchase many more shows this way. I like selecting individual shows.
I have ordered all the seasons of NCIS so far and have had no problems with any of the DVDs. All have come fast and when they said they would come.
another great season. My only complaint is how it ended. it was just over. It was like the writers just ran out of steam and left us hanging. The development of the characters in this season has been a great.
If you  like comedy  and drama the show is for you.It is a spin-off of the jag series that was on a few years ago,and both shows show you how military law is enforced.It is so well written that the hour thier on passes on so quickly.
I have not had a chance to view this DVD yet but it appears to be in good condition.  Thank You
Great series and would recommend it to anyone over the age of 18 years  I gave it a five star rating
Season 4 of NCIS comes off as more a labyrinth than \
I am one of those people who chooses not to pay for cable so I buy the programs I enjoy and know that will enjoy watch many times.  This series is one of my favorites and I have just about all of the seasons.  I really like William Peterson so I am not sure I will buy any more once he leaves in season 8 or 9.  I find that when I watch them again I see something I missed the times before so it is well worth the money to be able to have control over what I watch and when I watch it.
This particular season is excellent. I cant wait until season 8 lands on Amazon.CSI is far superior to the other CSI shows (New York & Miami). Season 7 ends with a bang and leaves you drooling for more, like every other season.Great series, great acting, great stories!!!
Just about the time that I thought just about every possible variant on the TV cop/detective/crime solving show had been explored by the creative geniuses who provide our nightly broadcast television ration of pap, piddle and trivia -whoa - here came a show that tickled our Sherlock Holmesian/forensic knowledge fancy.  Whoever would have thought that poking around with microscopes and spectrum analyzers and picking up little bits of fluff at a Los Vegas crime scene with a set of tweezers could be interesting? But yes, it was and has continued to be for going on eight seasons now and has given rise to a couple of variants set in New York and Miami. All three of the CSI iterations offer a distinct challenge to a viewer who possesses a decent ration of curiosity about puzzles and mysteries but a very, very low gross-out threshold. CSI season 7 mercifully let up a little on the really gross visualizations and focused a little more on the puzzles. Nothing I watched this season sent me gagging from the room, so either they let up or I have gotten a little more used to maggoty corpses.Three of the special features in this collection focus specifically on episodes which made season 7 stand a little apart. The first is  a `making of'  \
Excellent!
There are various things going on with the people this time around.  Whether its Gregg witnessing a gang beating and becoming a victim himself \
C.S.I. Crime Scene Investigation - The Complete Seventh Season DvdQuick Delivery! New Condition. Excellent series.HIghly recommend Amazon!!
Am enjoying the entire series - once you get into the characters, you just want more.  Came to me quickly and in great shape.
This, by the way, is the second review I've written for this - don't know where the first one is.  Having said that ...Each season I keep saying the same thing, - this show keeps getting better and better. I feel this show always manages to stay fresh and interesting and I love it more and more with each new season. I can't wait for this release.The first episode in this season is Built To Kill where we are waiting to see more of what we found out in the last episode of season 6 - that Grisolm and Sara had gotten together. My favourite episode is Happenstance where identical twins have been seperately killed and the team try to work out whether the case is related or not. If you want a total recap of each episode then here it goes:Built To Kill 1 - Foul play is suspected when an apparent suicide victim still has the gun in his hand, and a flower delivery woman is found crushed to death in the middle of a Cirque du Soleil performance. (Look for a special appearance from John Mayer.Built To Kill 2 - Grisolm investigates the murder of a rock star, which is complicated by the discovery of a miniature replica of the crime scene at the house. And Catherine tries to determine if she was raped after waking up nude in a seedy hotel.Toe Tags - A group of dead bodies in the Las Vegas morgue get to know each other while CSI tries to solve the crimes that got them there.Fannysmackin' - (another favourite of mine) A gang of street thugs is beating and killing people all over the city. Greg witnesses one of the crimes taking place and becomes a beating victim himself.Double Cross - A lounge singer is found crucified inside a Catholic church, and the church's new pastor fails to disclose that he knows the victim from all the way back to high school.Burn Out - A pedophile arsonist maintains his innocence in the disappearance of two young boys, but he is also willing to help the investigation by giving Grissom insight on the potential kidnapper's mindset.Post Mortem - Greg has his day in court for running over and killing a street gang member right before his own beating, and a second crime scene replica is found--this time after the murder of an elderly woman.Happenstance - CSI investigates the deaths of estranged identical twins: one from a gunshot wound, and one from an apparent suicide. The two deaths do not appear to be related, but are they?Living Legend - (the only boring episode) The team searches for a link between a current string of murders in Las Vegas and a notorious mob boss who disappeared in the 1970s.Loco Motives - Gil finds a third miniature crime-scene replica at a murder site, and CSI tries to find a link between the three otherwise-unrelated murders.Leaving Las Vegas - Catherine tries to link an accused killer to a second similar crime in a small town after he is found not guilty in the first trial, and Gil announces that he is going on sabbatical.Sweet Jane - The C.S.I. team doesn't know what to make of their new member ( Liev Schreiber), who joins them in the hunt for a serial killer, active since the 1970's.Redrum - Keppler proposes that Catherine create a phony crime scene to help catch a murderer, and to keep it secret from the other investigators. However, Nick quickly figures out that something is fishy.Meet Market - The discovery of a badly burned corpse uncovers a plot to illegally harvest bones and tissues, and the death of a middle-aged wife appears to be connected to her relationship with a high-priced male companion.Law Of Gravity - When one Trenton cop is murdered in Las Vegas, a second threatens to expose Keppler's past if he doesn't make the case and the evidence go away.Monster In The Box - Grissom thinks the miniature killer is dead, until he receives another miniature crime scene. However, unlike the others, this one predicts a crime scene that hasn't happened yet.Fallen Idols - A star high school basketball player disappears, and the investigation reveals that he gave an STD to a couple of his classmates.Empty Eyes - Six showgirls who live together are murdered in their home, and Sara is distressed when the final victim dies in her arms. However, she may have left Sara a vital clue that could help her ultimately identify the killer.Big Shots - A death in a drive-by limo shooting and the dragging death of a young woman turn out to be related crimes, and Greg discovers that the brother of the young man he ran over may have been involved.Lab Rats - With Grissom out of his office and all of the detectives out in the field, Hodges and the lab other techs try to discover new clues in the miniature killer case.Ending Happy - A washed-up boxer is found dead at a nearby bordello. There are several suspects, motives, and signs of injury. But the medical examiner is having a hard time figuring out which blow was the actual cause of death.Leapin' Lizzards - CSI discovers that a woman may have been murdered, and her head mounted on a wall as a trophy, because the killer was convinced that she was actually a powerful alien reptile. (Quite a bizzare episode and a bit of a departure from what you're used to seeing on CSI).The Good, The Bad And The Dominatrix - After an unsuccessful attempt on Lady Heather's life, Sara discovers Gil's prior relationship with her. Meanwhile, Nick investigates the death of a woman apparently hit by a taxicab.Living Doll - The miniature killer is ready to strike again, and Sara will be the next victim. Will CSI stop her in time?Throughout the season you see the theme of the miniature killer. It started out slowly and built up speed toward the end. Because of the killer and what he/she has done to Sara, Grisolm ending up blurting out to the others about their relationship. At first the team aren't sure if they heard right or not, but it becomes apparent that they are a couple and that's almost as exciting as working out who's behind these miniatures.If you are a CSI fan, you are bound to love season 7. It truly gets better always and I already can't wait for season 8.
As many people said this show kept getting better each year.The crimes are interesting and the cast is believable and solid.The introduction of the new Character Keppler was a great move although his sudden demise due to a corrupt cop is this seasons one strained aspect. After all if the corrupt cop was going to kill his partner he would be unlikely to do it in Vegas when he's from Trenton. However that's not implausible and he was after all blackmailing Keppler. So  people do things all the time that don't make any sense even bad cops. So even a strained episode of \
THis season is better than the sixth!! More story is given about Grisham and Sarah. The miniture killer was strung all the way through the season. It was great! It seems like the show is going to continue to get better. The ending is left with a cliff hanger and that is the only negative.
If you like to watch police t.v. shows  this series is great for learning about police investigations. This is also the season were the team is  played with by the minature killer  that leaves a model of the same  crime scene  the CSI team is investigating,and you also learn more about the series characters.
The seventh season of the smash hit, original C.S.I. found the show still going strong, as opposed to when many network hits fizzle out by this time in their life.  The season opens with Grissom (William Petersen) and Sara (Jorja Fox) keeping their relationship secret as a mystery unfolds regarding a killer who leaves behind exact, incredibly detailed, miniature replicas of the crime scene.  As the rest of the season unfolds, Greg (Eric Szmanda) finds himself in a predicament he never foresaw, Catherine (Marg Helgenberger) finds herself playing the role of victim, and when Grissom goes out of town, a shady transfered cop named Keppler (the excellent Liev Schreiber) arrives on the scene; culminating in one of the best storyarcs the series has ever seen.  As the season winds to a close, the CSI's close in on the miniature killer, and the season concludes with one of their lives in jeopardy, and the others desperate to make things right.  Undoubtedly one of the best seasons of the show in it's entire run, the original (and best) C.S.I. remains one of the best crime dramas to ever grace prime time network TV, and the seventh season is a prime example why.
This CSI Season is another great one!  Stories are always interesting and enjoyable. Peterson is one of my favorites. Would highly recommend!
I have all the seasons currently available on DVDs - watching the 3d season right now and it never dissapoints. I am not even pretending I could understand most of its mathematics, but the \
This season's writers and the regular actors continue to produce exciting and engaging stories and roles to yield another interesting season. It may not be the same caliber as the previous ones but it continues to provide entertaining episodes and peek my interest in the characters development (and love interests).
I am a big fan of this series, each new season brings something new to the back stories of each character. I highly recommend.
I enjoy this series, especially the interaction of the two brothers and their father. I recognize it is not especially realistic, but it is nonetheless, thought provoking and enjoyable.
who thought that a show about mathematics and crime solving would be both interesting and engaging to watch at the same time.  Season 3 is chock full of engaging characters, situations and stories that will keep any and all interested in this ever growing and popular TV show.  Numb3rs is on the way up and Season 3 has more than enough intrigue, mystery, romance and quite a bit of betrayal in it (The Janus List) a lot of things get brought out into the open and one surprise that i didnt ever see coming at all.Enjoy this one because from the looks of it Rob Morrow, David Krumholtz, Judd Hirsch and the rest of the gang are in for heck of a ride in Season 4.
With every episode it seems to get better, the story lines are excellent and the characters are great. I love the family dynamic that is shown in each of the stories told.
My son is a statics masters student going onto his PHD, this show so reminds me of him and the math that he does, it just makes you realize that math is everywhere no matter where we are, sorry to see that the series ended so soon
We have enjoyed all of the episodes, like the characters, content is educational, love Professor Epps! Recommend to all viewers.
I loved it. Good action, great characters and educational if you are into math and equations. I would watch it again too.
An excellent program if you enjoy math and science. If not, the characters are fun to follow through the ups and downs of work and college life. You have to love Finehart(?).
A friend of mine recommended that I watch this show. I love the characters plus it has a little bit of everything, action, romance, 'smarts'...
Again, it's all about the numbers! Numbers bring in the bad guys! Brother duo are still offering up great sleuthing situations using FBI technics with plenty of math formulas. This season add more story with some sad news and some funny surprises.
Great series and enjoyable to watch.I like how math is used to help solve the different cases.The characters are really down to earth and this series showed life outside the F.B.I.office. Mike
It's always difficult starting a review you know most people won't like but here is goes.What I really like about numbers: it makes geeks cool, no hot steamy scenes (ie family oriented), main characters are decent people, it isn't gory, good story lines.The main thing I don't like about numb3rs is that it' missing some vital connection with the characters. Because I can't stay involved with the characters I tend to notice the poorly played / directed moments in the show. I also wonder about how reliable the technical stuff is, I've goggled some of the smaller thing (that I thought were cool) and can't find them or they don't pan out. I wouldn't worry about any of that if while I were watching it I had enough emotional involvement to care if one of the characters died but after 3 seasons if a main character was killed off I'd just wonder how that would change the shows dynamics.One other thing that drive me a bit crazy is that the show acts like the FBI can't even use the bathroom without \
We watched this show every weeek when it was on.  Well, may have missed a few.  The shows are memorable and we mostly recall them very well and enjoy them as much as the first time.  Some things just wear well and this show has something.
The storylines in this season are awesome!**SPOILER**My favorite part of this season is Charlie and Amita finally get together officially.
I give this five stars because not only is this series funny, but it is insightful into the nature of governments and bureaucracies.  While this show is poking fun at the British government, it would be easy to envision something quite similar in Washington.
ordinarily I love British comedy but there was really nothing funny that I could find in this sitcom. . .
My favorite characters are Sir Humphrey and the Minister.  Sir Humphrey can twist a simple sentence or command of the Minister in such a way that you cannot remember the question at all.  He is a riot.
great series, the casting and acting is terrific.  the &#34;yes, prime minister&#34; series is also excellent.  anyone who enjoys political satire will like these shows.
Rarely do I give a rating like this to anything but British comedy is a weakness of mine and the actors in this series was always first rate.
I usually watch a more serious program, but end the night with one episode of this program. The humor puts me in the right frame of mind for a good night's sleep.Anyone who likes BBC comedy will thoroughly enjoy this program.
&#34;Yes Minister&#34; and &#34;Yes Prime Minister&#34; are excellent BBC programs. Intelligent, entertaining, enlightening, witty, and fun. The one-breath convoluted statement that bureaucrat Humphrey delivers in each episode is delicious.
Off to a slow start in episode one but shows promise. I will continue with that hope and give a more in depth eval.
I bought it and it is on my computer... I love the ingenuity of these men and the children who went with them.  This was a great and inspirational story of survival and the continuity of life, the good life, the healthy life.  The actors expression was quite believable and I say it was very well done.  Thanks Amazon.
This is a re-packaging of the Original Series Season 1 box set. It includes only the first two discs with the first 16 episodes.Only for those who don't want to buy an entire first season!Disc 11. The Galaxy Being2. The Hundred Days Of The Dragon3. The Architects Of Fear4. The Man With The Power5. The Sixth Finger6. The Man Who Was Never Born7. O.B.I.T.8. The Human FactorDisc 29. The Corpus Earthling10. Nightmare11. It Crawled Out Of The Woodwork12. The Borderland13. Tourist Attraction14. The Zanti Misfits15. The Mice16. Controlled ExperimentFive Stars because the first season of the original series was great!
This was my intoroduction to sci-fi when I was in 2nd grade.  Certain episodes were so vivid that they etched themselves permanently in my memory.  Upon watching them again, I see how they are also emotionally appealing and surprisingly sophisticated, both in their science and in the lack of \
I bought this episde of the Outer Limits purely from never forgetting watching it back in the 60's.  It was one of my favorites then and still is.
The first season of \
1) if you are sentimental2) if you are squaemish3) you are afraid of blood4) you are afraid of sharp implements5) the sight of a dismembered body makes you want to switch to Teletubbies6) you like movies about pretty girls in pink dresses (not the girls cut into pink ribbons)7) if you believe that ANY human life is sacred8) you do not believe in getting rid of verminWATCH IF: you sense of humor is several shades of black, you like your knives sharp as your mind (or vice versa) and your steak raw.
I never would have thought I would enjoy a show like this. WOW...what a show. Honestly, I could do without the foul language and the nudity and in most cases such would cause me to go elsewhere. But this show is one of the BEST crime drama's I've ever seen. The main character, Dexter Morgan, is one of the BEST lead characters ever. The supporting cast of characters (everyone from his sister to girlfriend(s) to the many police officers) are all excellent as well. But wow...the story is soo good! It just pulls you in and keeps you wanting more.
Michael C Hall, hot off the HBO series Six Feet Under, plays the title character Dexter Morgan in this series from Showrime Entertainment. A crime scene investigator from Miami who is an expert on blood. He also likes to seeking revenge on those criminals who escape the law by loopholes in the justice system. Believe me this is no CSI show!Created by novelist Jeff Lindsay, Hall and his supporting cast (including Lauren Velez, James Remar, Julie Benz, and Jennifer Carpenter)create an interesting portrait of man whose blood is dipped in both worlds. Hall's baby face showcases an evil side underneath his devilish killer smile. The show is an interesting character study as well as a great murder mystery.There is the  Ice Cream truck murderer who is stalking Dexter and leaving killer clues. The mystery unfolds in these 12 episodes and you will be intrigued by the last episode. This is like a good British televsion series, a full complete story unfolded in 12 parts.The extras on the fourth disk are  two episodes of Showtime's The Blotherhood (which is also available on DVD), audio commentary on the 12th episodes, and a true life crime story. Those of you with computer can read the first two chapters of the latest Dexter novel and a download of the Showtime show the Tutors (soon to be on DVD)Even without the extras, this is a five star killer show...its a bloody good time. This , like House, is what great TV is all about!  I can not wait until October for season twoBennet Pomerantz AUDIOWORLD
I just finished watching Dexter : Season 1 and it is phenomenal!I'm an avid movie watcher and TV series watcher! Ive watched all the seasons of CSI Vegas and Law & Order SUV, The Shield!Dexter is far superior to all of them. Season one starts out good, gets alot better half way through as the characters develop and ends with an amazing season finale!Showtime hit a homerun with this one! Im looking forward to Season 2 and have already lent my Season 1 set to a friend!
Loved it. I have always wondered what was the hype around this show. Now I know. This show is amazing.
I will admit to some hesitation at even wanting to watch this show.I sit in Dialysis 2.5 hours a day 5 days a week. Sitting in Dialysis is hard, the recliner chairs are most uncomfortable having two 15 gage needles stuck in your arm is at best painful. Nor having anyone to talk to is the pits.what i did is bought (what was at the time) the only portable blu ray player on the market and started watching blu ray movies.i was told about Dexter by friends and everyone that told me about it loved t. \
This set has been reviewed extensively so I won't get into too much detail except for why I gave it 5 stars. There are a lot of repetitive shows out there, about 100 regarding vampires, another hundred crime or law shows, etc. Yes, this is a crime show but they put a spin on it like no other. A serial killer who kills serial killers, rapists, murderers, etc? Awesome. The narration is actually amusing. The storytelling is amazing. I love it. It gets my 5 star vote.
or those that can't stand the sight of blood because it is in abundance in this show.  Along with Dexter (a guy with more skeletons in his closet than a graveyard) and his repressed memories of a violent tragic indicent early in his life.  As the season builds we get to see glimpses of it with more and more being revealed until.  It builds up with a face to face confrontation with the Ice Truck Killer (a few surprises) abound in the first season finale and it leaves things wide open.  For the series and all of its characters.I believe that Season 2 will continue to impress and draw in new folks in the process.  Excellent story, lead and supporting characters and backgrounds leaves you with the first season of Dexter.  An up and coming show that gives those established shows a serious run for their money.
Dexter is an interesting watch. We get the outside looking in as a monster tries to live camouflaged among its unwitting prey. Along the way, we see many layers of psychosis and neurosis flayed away. Maybe there's more to Dexter than is immediately seen.The story for the first season bares only the most simplistic resemblance to the first novel in the series. Though I've read the book and watched the show quite a few times, I would be hard-pressed to pick one over the other. The cast is amazing, and the intro sequence tells you everything you need to know about the series.The special features for the DVD set falls to the abysmal side. Slim pickings for commentary tracks, no deleted scenes, but we get a handful of other Showtime series episodes. I don't know about you, but I bought Dexter to watch Dexter, not to watch episodes of the Tudors or whatever else they threw into the DVD set. And they did all this sans English subtitles (which matters to a guy like me, being partially deaf).The only thing worth while about this set are the 12 episodes of Dexter. If that's all you are shopping for, go at it. Me, I'm looking at getting the series on BD and hoping for better material. But the show alone is so good, I can't rate this lower than 4 stars.
Dexter Morgan is good at his day job, that of a blood spatter analyst in Miami PD's forensics unit. But he's bloody brilliant at his other job, the one where he gets to murder. Whatever effed up sitch it was that caused Dexter's amnesia regarding his early childhood, it's left him dead inside, an empty shell, a calculating cold fish. He co-exists with something he calls a \
Had a friend who loaned me season 1,and after watching it I ordered seasons 2-4.This show has plenty of drama,to many twist's and turns to figure out what's next. Lot's of humor (you can't help but like Dexter's one liners!)Just waiting for season 5 to come available!
What a clever premise!  A sociopath with serial killer tendencies is spotted at a very early age by a seasoned police officer (while the child is up for adoption).  The Officer adopts the child and takes the opportunity to carefully ingrain in him that he is ONLY to kill others like him...serial killers....who have managed to slip through the system and remain free.  Dexter learns to be one of the best blood spatter experts at the police station.This is extraordinarily interesting as Dexter narrates his inner most thoughts, and we get to learn how a sociopath, with no empathy or understanding of how \
This concerns only the first season of this series and I know some of the things will not seem right to those who have watched the next seasons. But that is just the point. The first season has characteristics that will change later and the meaning will change too. I will keep within the very limits of that first season. What we gather from the first episodes is that this blood technician working for the Miami PD is the adopted son of a police officer. He was adopted at the age of four by this police officer because he had been traumatized by the killing of his mother with a chain saw by some drug dealers. At once the series insists on the fact that this trauma caused an irreversible damage in the psyche of the child who is fascinated by death and needs killing just like junkies need their drugs. He is addicted to inflicting death to other people. We will only learn quite late in this season who his real father was, after his death actually, so we will never know the man really. We will not be given in this season any detail about the death of the mother beyond what I have said. And all the detail that comes up now and then is always flashbacks in the memory of the child that Dexter was. Dexter recovers that memory little by little just like any child or even adult would do in the case of a traumatic event. His foster father just tried to bring this death impulse of his within some acceptable limits, within a certain code: you can kill but to survive hence you have to kill people who are just plain dirty (I sort of remember this is the code of Anne Rice's vampires). And that's what he has been taught and trained to do. First hide your impulse. Second pick the proper criminals. Third do it so professionally that you can never be suspected. This ideology then is very typical. You can survive any trauma if you know what you are, if you accept what you are and if you find out why you are what your are. When you finally know, then you are clear. The term comes from Hubbard but it is the one that is needed here. It may change later. This concept of clarity is doubled then with the Skinnerian concept of absolute determination of your whole being and future by the mould into which you have been cast in the very first years of your life. In this case, Dexter is a killer because of his trauma that happened when he was four, hence he will be a killer all his life. No one can change that. One can only teach the kid a code, a method, an art to do things along a certain ethical line and not to be caught. That is pessimistic but that is not the main interest of this first season. The main interest is that another serial killer, the Ice Truck Killer, though not being a copy cat, is obviously aiming at this Dexter. And his crimes that are very special in their style, method and delivery are there to titillate Dexter, to chase or bait Dexter into a trap or a corner. Little by little we will learn the connection between the two and that I won't reveal. In the end Dexter will have the upper hand and kill his competitor, along his own method, more or less.  The second interest of this series is how Dexter can keep his secret for himself in his own private life, hiding it from the women he is going along with, from his own sister (foster sister for sure but sister anyway), from his direct colleagues, from his department, etc. It is subtle and difficult and there the actor is doing quite a good job, though the series is more building the meaning with the environment of the character than with the acting of the actor. As usual in American series the actors are rather static and the stage director, the series director and the set designer are building around him or her a composed visual moving environment that builds the meaning of the expression or speech of the actor. Note in this case most of the discourse of the main actor is his own voice over the pictures. He is telling us a story and it is often a commentary of what we can see. The next and essential quality of this series is of course the real artistic and artful suspense that is built in each episode and in the twelve episodes of the season and that lets us absolutely breathless most of the time, even when we finally know who the Ice Truck Killer is, and then the suspense does not go down one iota. In other words this series is so far, first season only, Dionysian, quick, fast, dense, exhilarating, inebriating, intoxicating and many other things of that sort. In one word it is addictive and habit forming. You may, if you have ten hours and a half at your disposal watch the twelve episodes in one go and you will never be bored, tired, de-concentrated. Try it and you will like it I am sure.Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines, CEGID
Don't get me wrong, its an entertaining show, and at 20 bucks, you should definitely grab it.  To compare it to shows like Six Feet Under is absolutely ridiculous though.  The idea of Dexter being a sociopath is not exploited to its full potential, IMO.  Too much of the time he blends in so much you forget all about it, then you have to be reminded by forced voice overs and flashbacks.  This is a good DVD set though, I see lots of folks complaining about the transfer.  What can I say, don't spend 50 zillion bucks on your TV/Home theatre and you won't be so disappointed.  For 20 bones you get 12 doses of Dexter, AND two episodes of Brotherhood, and one of The Tudors if you have the time to screw around with the PC feature.  Not bad considering that people were lining up out the door to fork over 100 bucks for The Sopranos not too long ago.
a relative recommended this show to me, and I'm glad she did (because since I don't subscribe to Showtime)...I wasn't aware that this series existed, until recently.  Thankfully, Netflix took care of that little problem for me.Dexter plays a vigilante of sorts, a hero with a very dark side...he gives justice to those that the criminal justice system can't find or put behind bars.Michael Hall is a great actor, balancing a killer on the one hand and a likeable, lovable professional forensics expert on the other.....as he interacts in his various relationships.The show has comedy, drama, tension....it had just about everything...I guess one would label this a \
This is the introduction season.  They want us to learn about the characters and take an interest in them.Dexter is a sociopath serial killer.  Adopted and raised by a police officer, Dexter learned to appear \
Well, I have to say, when I heard about this show.....I detested the idea, thought it was gloryfiying serial killers....SWORE I would never watch......happened to be trapped working out and watching TV when a episode came on....I thought Meh....just get it over with....well I was hooked from the first scene....I couldn't hardly wait for the next weeks episode, so I decided to give in to my \
I have read the entire series of Dexter novels and was pleasantly surprised to find out that Showtime has dramatized the series. Ye potential readers and viewers, be aware!! The Showtime series differs from the books in several ways. The ending of the first book and the first series are not the same. The TV version fleshes out the other characters, such as Rita. the girlfriend and the police lieutenant, La Guerta  and introduces a new character in the person of Esme. The book is an intense ride within Dexter's mind with a focus on his relationship with his Dark Passenger. The details of his relationships with other humans are not as detailed as in the series.Having said this, I highly recommend both. It will be interesting to see how Showtime adapts the second novel.I think Showtime has done a great job of casting in this series. I remember Michael Hall from \
If you don't start out liking it keep on watching it gets better. Below are my ratings of each individual season.Season 1: 7/10Season 2: 8/10Season 3: 6/10Season 4: 10/10Season 5: 9/10Season 6: 9/10Season 7: 10/10Season 8 (the final season) is hopefully good.
This is absolutely one of the most original series around. No surprise there because Dexter first appeared in  book form (see link below). If someone had told me I would be riveted by a book written from the viewpoint of a serial killer, well...I would never believe it. But Dexter was almost...loveable and he has a certain morality, believe it or not.The series is different but I found it equally intriguing and quirky.Here's the real irony in this series: someone who is so far from having normal human traits, who really doesn't understand love or sexual attraction, can reveal insights into what it means to be human in a way that a more stereotypical series doesn't. It is similar to the way the dark parts of paintings illuminate the light, each complimenting the other. Dexter is dark but he isn't simplistic and he has a wry sense of humor.I was pleased that some of what had attracted me to the books managed to get on screen as well, including Dexter's unique humor and a certain presence that resonates from page to film. That pleased me. What is most amazing to me is how this series actually reverberated emotionally and touched my life in ways I never believed possible, considering the focus of the series.This could have been a flop. It was a brave move to put something like this on the air and I feared (before I saw the first episode) that the depth and complexity of Dexter, hiding beneath that slick, seemingly inhuman surface, would be lost. But my fears were groundless, thank goodnes.Dearly Devoted DexterDexter in the Dark: A NovelDarkly Dreaming Dexter
Always thought serial killers are scum but I kinda like having Dexter around just to even things out, balance the bad with the...whatever.
The acting the writing the concept.....it has great replayability as well for viewing a second time. It's like silance of the lambs/six feet under/CSI all rolled into one quality show.
4.7 starsThis show is excellent mainly due to the tight bond Hall makes with this character. I'm not crazy about any of the acting here except Hall's, but he's flawless throughout, bringing a subtlety that few actors on the big or small screens ever master to this degree.Nearly every episode is well-written, paced, and directed; the season arc is a good one and plays out nicely, no need for spoilers here!It does get a little gory at times, but the series is about a serial killer, after all. I have some very queasy thoughts about why a series this twisted is so popular, but I guess it's just another Clint-type revenge drama where psychopathic violence is justified by (a vaguely) moral imperative; we do need our foreign policy to start somewhere.Hall is even better here than in Six Feet Under, where he was superb. He carries Dexter effortlessly on his shoulders, but one can feel the amount of work and care he's put into this role. It's as impressive as Gandolfini's Tony Soprano, and that's saying a lot. As is usual for most of the best cable dramas, the first season seems to be the best, so savor this one if watching it for the first time.Miami hasn't looked this good and this bad since Michael Mann was in town.
I love Dexter, who knew being so bad could be so good. love the concept of the show, its something different for me to watch with all the detective shows out there. Would most surely recommend. The show is about a serial killer who only kills bad people and serial killers.
The first few seasons really shine, Dexter is a fresh storyline, with suspenseful plots, and great acting.  This show stands head & shoulders above most of what else is out there.
Dexter is the most amazing, clever, funny, dark and thrilling program I've almost ever seen.  It is brilliant and unique and interesting and thoroughly enjoyable.  The fact that we can actually like a serial killer is amazing in itself.Michael C Hall is fantastic as Dexter.  He is intelligent, lost, and almost unable to feel love for another human.  The story lines are chilling and keep you on the edge of your seat - you are always guessing.  The writing is superb and witty and smart.  I never read Jeff Lindsays books, but now I think I'll go buy them and read cover to cover.Trust me; this show is one that grabs you and won't let go till the ride is over.  Just when you think you have things figured out, they might take a different turn.  It's addictive and one of the best programs you'll ever see.  It's great and I love this.
I loved Michael C. Hall in Six Feet Under so I was excited when he chose to do another cable TV show.  This show turned out to be even better than Six Feet Under.  Michael C. Hall plays a serial killer who kills only bad people.  This creates a moral ambiguity that the show plays up nicely.  Is Dexter a good or bad person?  How do we really feel about him?  How does he really feel about himself?  At the time we are exploring the story, Dexter is evolving from a character who states he lacks human feeling to someone who seems to feel more and more with each passing day (or episode).  The show is brilliantly done.  I've read the book and it is a pretty straight forward story.  To build the story up, the writers of the show build up the characters and made them even deeper characters.  I am just so impressed with the work.  They can even make me angry because I'm so involved and one of my major characters is affected in some way.  I am attracted to Dexter and repelled by him at the same time.
Showtime's creative and terrific series of DEXTER is so fresh and uber-cool that we just have to applaud everyone who works on this awesome cable TV series.It is so rare to watch a television show that rivals or even feels like you are reading a rich novel. Usually they screw it up, whether it be Hollywood big screen adaptations of the Sci-Fi channel - they all usually suck eggs.But not Showtime! They are currently way better than HBO. With the richness of feel and look at the miami-based Dexter, the actors and writers here truly shine above most others of all arenas of television and/or Box Office standards.And the 2nd season thus far is just as good - if not better!
Television has been called a vast wasteland. I've heard people rant and rave for years about having so many channels and nothing to watch on TV. And then I started looking at two things. The first was my television watching schedule which has actually begun cutting into my DVD watching schedule (so little time, so much to watch). Then I looked at my shelving unit and noticed the number of TV series collections there. People are wrong. There is plenty good to watch on TV. And DEXTER is an example of it.For those who aren't aware, DEXTER is a series on Showtime, so many of you might not have seen it. If that's the case you're in luck because the series has been released on DVD. While season two has just hit shelves in blu-ray format, the focus here is season one.Dexter Morgan (Michael C. Hall) is a forensics blood splatter expert for the Miami police department. His job is to help collect and understand evidence found at the scene of a crime that involves blood and blood splatter patterns. Oh, and on the side, Dexter is a serial killer.Stay with me here because he's not a bad guy really. Well...then again maybe he is. After all he is a murderer multiple times over. The difference is that Dexter only kills bad guys. Dexter kills murderers, pedophiles, arsonists and the like that got off due to some technicality. But he always verifies that they were guilty before taking them out of the picture.Dexter's foster father Harry (James Remar) was a police man who found Dexter at the scene of a crime before adopting him. Harry recognized the killing instinct found in Dexter at an early age so he helped him to channel that, to use rules that he established for Dexter, to get through life. And via Harry's rules, Dexter now kills bad guys using his job as a means to find just the right victims.So there is the basic set up for the series. But it's so much more than that, filled with layer upon layer of subtext and inner meaning that is revealed as the series progresses.Season one focuses first on letting us know who Dexter is and who the surrounding cast of characters involved with him are. First off is his sister Deb (Jennifer Carpenter), a seemingly spastic patrol officer dying to become a homicide detective. Deb's enthusiasm for the job is off set by her self deprecating ways and the giddiness she exhibits for all things.At the stations there are two main characters who affect Dexter. The first is Lt. Maria Laguerta (Lauren Velez) his direct supervisor who at times seems to have a personal interest in Dexter. A woman who's made it where she is by hard work, she has a storyline of her own involving police office politics as the series progresses.The second is Sgt. James Doakes (Eric King), Dexter's apparent nemesis. Doakes is a hard boiled cop from top to bottom, a no nonsense sort who wants answer and wants them now. Doakes is constantly badgering Dexter, offering everything from name calling to in your face attitude. One would think that eventually the two of them would reach a point where there wouldn't be room for both of them in Miami. One would think.Along with these major players there is an assortment of cast members in the squad who round out the ensemble in the best way possible. And each gets enough screen time in season one to make them a character to care about. The interaction between them on a personal level comes into play as the layers of Dexter unravel.On the personal side, Dexter actually has a girlfriend. Normal on the outside, but not within. It seems Dexter has taken her as his girlfriend to help appear normal. It is through his thoughts (voice over into Dexter's mind runs throughout the series) concerning her that he lets us know he is devoid of emotion, that he has no feelings. His involvement with her is purely as a means to offer him cover.Rita (Julie Bienz) is a battered wife, or at least she was. Dexter's sister was on call when her ex was arrested. Paul, her ex, was a wife beater extreme and a drug user to boot. Now in prison, he gets release part way into season one and a subplot here involving him trying to reinsert himself into his family's life crosses Dexter's life as well.With characters and plot lines established, you would expect the series to kick off with Dexter showing what he can do. Instead, Dexter finds himself in a competition of sorts when a new serial killer hits Miami. And this killer is leaving calling cards that Dexter not only finds discomforting but amazing as well. He's impressed with the style and artistic ability of the killer who leaves his victims in pieces and drained of blood.As each episode continues the tale, we find that this new killer referred to as the Ice Truck Killer (when it's discovered that he uses one to haul victims from their murder location to where he leaves their bodies) knows something about Dexter. He leaves small clues at first for Dexter to find. Eventually he leaves Polaroid's of Dexter's past as well. It seems that the perfect serial killer is being stalked by his own serial killer.Season one not only defines who the character of Dexter is it offers the world he lives in and tosses in his biggest match to boot. How Dexter became who he is and what influences him is told in flashback. His motivations are shown by the end of this season as is the identity of the Ice Truck Killer. But will that change who Dexter is? Doubtful since season four begins soon.What makes this show so unique is that it combines one of the most frightening characters one can imagine, a soul less who cares serial killer, with one of the wittiest funny line spouting people seen on TV. Dexter tosses off subtle one liners non-stop and each one offers a glimpse behind the mask and a laugh as well.But the amazing thing is that not only do we find ourselves repulsed and attracted to the same character, we find in the writing that there is more to him than is even he realizes. The character of Dexter may think he possesses no emotions whatsoever but his emotions run deeper than he realizes. And it seems as though his journey of self revelation may be what's driving the series forward in later seasons.Also Dexter offers something that many of us would never want to admit we seek. An avenging angel out there doing what so many would love to know is going on but at the same time turn their head and condemn on the outside. Like Jack Bauer of \
Who knew a serial killer could be so charming?
Once you watch one, it will be tough to stop watching them. Great mix of having a per episode mystery of sorts and having a season long build-up.
Wow! I finally watched my very first episode of \
I had never seen Dexter before not having showtime but after seeing the show on a regular station I was hooked and ordered the first season,loved it and am waiting for the second season which I ordered to ship. It's definitely addictive. The show is well written you actually like this serial killer
Sometimes I find connections to Hollywood in the strangest places.  In the case of Dexter, it was at my day job. Now my office job is not normally the place one associates with a show like Dexter, but it turns out that the sister of the guy I worked with worked on the show. The fact that the show is on Showtime and thus can portray gore and violence as appropriate to the medium (like HBO's Rome, for example) piqued my curiosity. Unfortunately, it took me over a year to actually view season one.  I'm sorry I waited so long.I've done enough research on serial killers (and their fictional cousin, slashers) to know that they're easy to mess up.  And an entire season about a serial killer from the serial killer's perspective is fraught with peril. Fortunately, Dexter hits all the right notes to keep an audience engaged for the entire season.Dexter Mogran (Michael C. Hall) is a serial killer with a cause.  His father, Harry (James Remar) recognized his adopted son's homicidal tendencies and trained him to stalk the most despicable of prey.  These were the lowest of the low, the scum that Harry in his job as a cop saw frequently escape justice.  Dexter became a Final Solution of sorts, eliminating people neatly and efficiently while at the same time fulfilling insatiable desire for bloodshed.  Literally.In his day job, Dexter is a blood spatter analyst.  He works side-by-side with his adopted sister, Debra (Jennifer Carpenter), probably the most annoying character in the show.  And yet, she's annoying on purpose - her frail, waif-like reactions to men and the rigors of her job make her alternately pathetic and vulnerable, feral and misguided.  In short, she needs Dexter's calm, creepy presence. Rounding out the cast is career-climbing Maria Laguerta (Lauren Velez), coworkers Angel Batista (David Zayas) and Vince Masuka (C.S. Lee, formerly of the show Chuck) and my favorite character, foul-mouthed Sergeant James Doakes (Erik King).  Doakes is the only person who sees Dexter for what he is, but he can't prove it.Dexter feigns a personal life as well.  He has a girlfriend, Rita Bennett (Julie Benz), whose last relationship was so emotionally scarring that she fears intimacy, which suits Dexter just fine.  Indeed, all of Dexter's life is an act, from the jokes he cracks to the donuts he brings to the pleasantries he exchanges with Rita.  He's a monster masquerading as a person, and the only reason it's not more obvious is because everyone else has more pressing problems.Dexter's job puts him in a unique position to both appreciate the art of the kill and find new victims. Despite his penchant for murdering his victims, Dexter's murders are relatively clean - he drains his victims of blood, hacks the pieces up, and tosses them into the ocean.  And so it goes: find some sleazeball who escaped justice, kidnap him or her, murder, dump the body, repeat. Until one day, another serial killer who seems to know intimate details about Dexter's past begins sending messages through his own unique style of doll-like murders.The ending of season one won't be a shock to observant viewers.  It's not the actual ending that matters but the journey getting there. Dexter's narration is amusing and wry, his cadence just off enough that he comes across as disturbed yet functional. Surprisingly, the show isn't very gory at all.  Dexter would probably be less sympathetic if we were subjected to every grisly detail.  In fact, by cutting away from the most gruesome scenes, Dexter has to remind us that he's one of the bad guys - the Code of Harry is as much the anti-hero's code that we see in a multitude of other crime-fighting shows.  It's a credit to the writers that Dexter is both a monstrous, damaged human being and yet still human.Can't wait for season two!
This is the leader of the pack in terms of Showtime's original series. This is the only show they have that I feel can compete with HBO. The acting and writing are amazing, especially Michael C. Hall (who got an Emmy and Screen Actors Guild nomination for this part).If you can handle the macabre, allow yourself to enter Dexter's world. You might find it hard to leave until the first season is over.
Dexter has finally made his Blu-Ray debut, and the glossy, well-made series looks wonderful in the format.  Besides some relatively small BD-Live features (including seeing the first episode the third season), there really isn't anything here that wasn't on the standard-def version of the Complete First Season, but for Blu-Ray owners who haven't taken the plunge into Dexter's world, this is definitely worth checking out.  Below is my original review for first season.The interesting concept of this Showtime series makes it reason enough to check it out.  Michael C. Hall (Six Feet Under) plays the title character, who works in forensics for the Florida police by day, and is a serial killer at night. Because of his job and upbringing by a police officer foster father (James Remar), Dexter knows how to cover his tracks while wearing his mask of humanity by day.  Slowly though, things start to take a turn when another serial killer with connections to Dexter's own mysterious past rears his head, and soon enough our title character is caught in a bloody game of cat and mouse.  What makes Dexter so good is the approach taken to the theme of the series by the creators and Hall himself.  What could have easily flopped and failed miserably instead evolves episode by episode as we attempt to see what makes Dexter tick.  The rest of the cast is excellent as well to say the least. Julie Benz (the vampiric Darla from Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel) is superb as Rita: Dexter's rape victim girlfriend whom he keeps around so he doesn't have to bother with sex, HBO's Oz veterans Lauren Velez and David Zayas as fellow cops, and hottie Jennifer Carpenter (whom Hall has recently married, seriously) as Dexter's sister.  Not since Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer has there been an interesting and above all chilling glimpse into the mind of a madman that walks among us.  Spectacular, and definitely worth picking up even if you never caught the show on Showtime during it's first season run.
Coming off some serious withdrawals from both Six Feet Under and The Sopranos (the only reason I subscribed to HBO), I took a \
OK, so the show has some major flaws, its not well written, nor particularly well acted. Dexter is still entertaining and very addictive. It is definitely a &#34;god, its already 1AM, ok , just one more episode&#34; show.Taking a step back after watching it, Dexter is way too capable (getting evidence from the garbage disposal in 3 minutes?), the plot lines are 'predictably unpredictable&#34;...but all the same, put the blinders on and enjoy, I did
I bought this dvd and 5 other seasons on the recommendation of my back doctor. So, far the first episode has been very dry and dull. The second episode picked up nicely. I am up to the fifth episode and still unsure about this show. At times, it's a series about a psychotic serial killer with morals. Other times, it's about a man who has no feelings but shows emotions like anger, frustration and fear. Oh, and there's the relationship between the main character and his damaged girlfriend. Who he feels is as damaged as he is. Now, I do hope these are not considered spoilers, as they are the central focus of the series it seems. There are more things going on in the series, such as his past relationship with his foster father, he relationship with his foster sister, his relationship with his coworkers etc. At this time, I can see the character developing into a very interesting but bizarre person. And of course the series will follow suit. We hope. After all, I have 6 seasons to watch. Can I recommend this series, sort of. I am not quite certain it is for everyone. It's growing on me though. So, I gave it three stars. Perhaps I should give it four, but time will tell.Ralph J. Fitcher.
One of the best seasons of Dexter besides 4 and 7 in my opinion. With a great villain and awesome story this was a perfect start for everyone's new favorite serial killer.
I guess my biggest complaint about DEXTER is that it isn't nasty ENOUGH.  The premise if phenomenal...Dexter is a blood-spatter expert investigating murders by day and a murdered of killers by night.  By channeling his impulses to kill in a \
Season one sets the tone, pace and wildly engrossing phenomenon known as 'Dex'; a doughnut buying, deftly sincere serial killer who lives by a code.I'm often asked 'how can you watch a show about a serial killer?&#34; Easy, if the plots are interwoven, the circumstances bizarre and the outcomes unpredictable. I hope it stays off network TV, they don't deserve Dexter.
I love this show. It definitely creates a yin and yang to the serial killer persona. Plan on ordering the other seasons. Item arrived on time, packaged well and as expected.
Honestly was surprised how watching a serial killer who kills other serial killers sucks a person into the show so easily.
To this day I still believe the 1st season is still the best season out of all the dexters. The future seasons tend to drag on too much and dexter doesn't get enough kills by taking out bad people from the world. The first season has nearly one bad person in each episode that dexter eliminates but as the season progresses to 2,3,4,5,6 etc you find that Dexter starts to get bored and is surrounded by so much life drama bull crap that he can't even kill anymore bad guys!
...I dont know what it is.  It would be easy to drop the ball on this subject and make a bad series.  It is, after all, something that most people (fortunately) have little knowledge about, and it could attempt to be written for the masses, and \
This Showtime series stars Michael C. Hall as a sociopathic serial killer who targets only individuals he feels deserve his attention because of loopholes in the justice system.  Dexter is an expert on crime- scene blood splatters.  We often see him at crime scenes as the police and forensic experts put together how a crime was committed.Dexter is a sullen, strange guy who does his job well but has trouble relating to people.  In Season One, we learn his backstory.  His father, sensing an unnatural desire in his son to kill, councils the boy on how to channel his feelings so that innocent people aren't harmed.  These scenes reminded me of a superhero \
Dexter Morgan - blood Spatter Expert and Serial Killer. He's been living a double life for a while now and has kept that paart of himself shelves and out of the way. The only person who knew was someone from his past, and that person taught him a great many things on staying alive in such a mad world. Dexter also has a squad of people aroudn him you will get to know, a sister you will get to know even more, and a case you will grow to love featuring The Ice Truck Killer. In this episode we see Dexter (and see the overlap better book 1 and this season) and the way he sees blood, not to mention the Dark Passenger. We also see the ITK and the way he kills and the way Dexter admires the person's style.Its like living in Dahlmerland - that's how the book put it - except there are no rides (thank goodness).M.C. Hall is the PERFECT Dexter. After 3 seasons of him I can say he is the reason that Dexter connects with people and is not a monster to us. Watch the show - you will see. Jennifer C - his sister Deb - is also a unique personality here and you will grow to enjoy her. She has a sailor's mouth and keeps in shape and loves to pick the wrong type of people. She plays it to a tee. And the rest of the cast are great as well and, if you think you know how it all ends because you read the book, you are wrong. The book and this are different in a lot of ways AND the end is a strong part of it. So, readers, watch this as well.Closing this up, the twists and turns are great and learning about Dexter's past is a wild ride. You learn a lot in this season, too, and you see how Dexter was \
A Showtime production, Dexter is an anomaly.  It is a brilliantly written, intriguing, and totally engrossing series, that is seldom predictable.  Besides a compelling storyline, and characters that seem real, what makes the series even more unique, is that the protagonist, Dexter Morgan (Michael C. Hall), a blood spatter expert for the Miami police, is a cold blooded murderer.Hall's unusual role is the key to the series, and his performance is a riveting, and captivating character study, that makes Dexter a very hard show to turn away from.  Morgan is guided by the `Code of Harry'.  Harry (James Remar) was Dexter's adoptive father, an ex-cop who recognized that his traumatized son, had homicidal tendencies.  To help him survive, Harry trained Dexter to channel his desire to kill in a 'positive' direction, by instilling the directive to kill only those who truly deserve to die.  This twisted morality is quite bizarre, and makes for fascinating viewing, as Dexter kills ceremoniously.Presumably to contain any spilled blood, plastic sheeting is typically spread all around the area, and Dexter himself is also covered with plastic sheeting.  Victims are taped down naked to a table top face up, helpless and unable to move.  After drawing a blood sample for his collection, Dexter gets to work.  The dead body is chopped into pieces, and the remains placed in trash bags.  Few of the grisly details are actually shown, but the presentation is still pretty chilling.  The series has a wicked sense of humor, as Dexter discusses his thoughts through narration, as he nonchalantly goes about his business, which includes murder.  Harry is dead, but appears frequently, in flashbacks.  Harry's biological daughter Debra (Jennifer Carpenter), also works for the Miami PD in homicide.  She is eager, enthusiastic, loves to swear, and has a problem with authority.The twelve episodes play like a chapters in a book.  Unlike most weekly series, the format does not always involve solving a particular case within the episode.  Instead, the story unfolds broadly and more naturally, with information about Dexter and his past, coming in small bits.  Dexter is dealing with coming to terms with his emotions, or lack thereof, and watching how this affects the evolution of his relationship with his girlfriend Rita (Julie Benz), is fascinating.  Benz's performance is pretty amazing, playing an abused woman trying to start a new relationship.The central underlying story concerns a serial killer known as `Ice Truck Killer', who specializes in neatly slicing up his victim's bodies into bloodless pieces.  The whole concept is diabolically macabre, and well executed.  The killer has taken a special interest in Dexter, and tension and suspense grows more intense, after the killer's identity is revealed with a few episodes left to go.  The killer has an elaborate plan, though he is forced to improvise when the pursuit begins to close in.  As Dexter begins to recall the horrific circumstances surrounding his mother's death, the killer makes his play.  The writing is outstanding, and keeps you off balance.  Approaching the conclusion, things get a little shaky in the turn, but control is reacquired, and Dexter finishes wildly and dramatically, with a stylistic flourish that does not cheat the viewer.Dexter is refreshingly different from most forensic procedurals.  Although dealing with violence and death, there isn't a lot of fighting, shootouts, or chases.  The focus is on character and story development.  While there are things that go over the top, or are illogical, unlike programs like the CSI franchise, the level of drama isn't routinely pumped up by threats, flashy violence, condescending dialog, or music.  The police in Dexter work `normally', with no overly dramatic background music, while routine tasks like, processing the crime scene, performing tests, or analyzing evidence take place.  The level of acting by almost everyone involved is excellent, from the minor characters to the leads.  The writing is not perfect, but the characters and their dialog, are mostly credible, showing the audience some respect.  There are no long winded pretentious speeches sprouting psychobabble, phony overdramatic situations, and characters trying to top each other, or engaging in supercop behavior.  Criminal Minds or CSI Miami, this is not.The series is far from perfect, and doesn't escape being ridiculous.  While a darkened room, draped with plastic sheeting, with a naked victim tapped down helpless, is a terrifying scene, it makes little sense, unless Dexter has giant rolls of plastic sheeting, and maybe a case of packing tape in his car.  The time it would take to actually prepare the scene, and put up all that sheeting would be ridiculous.  Tape and plastic sheeting are excellent for retaining evidence like fingerprints, would have to be destroyed.  Dexter disposes a couple of bags of body parts per kill, but what happens to all that tape and plastic sheeting?  Over the course of the season, Dexter takes chances, makes mistakes, and has several close calls, and is clearly under suspicion, at the conclusion, setting the stage for the next season.One of the few negatives is the lack of subtitles, and the inappropriateness of the extras.  Two episodes have commentary tracks, but some of the other bonus materials, are not directly related to the series.  The mini-documentary Witnessed in Blood, covers the forensics for an unrelated criminal case.  And two episodes of Showtime's series Brotherhood are included, presumably as an attempt to promote that series.  More material specifically relevant to Dexter, would certainly have been preferred.  Otherwise, needless to say, the series is highly recommended to fans of the forensic crime genre.
I was hooked after the first episode.  I love the concept: a blood splatter expert who seconds as a serial killer that preys upon other serial killers.  Michael C. Hall seems as if he was born to play the role of Dexter.  Every season there seems to be one central character that Dexter must hunt down, amongst various other serial killers and murders that end up getting chopped up on his table.  This season follows Dexter&#8217;s pursuit of the Ice Truck Killer&#8212;a sadistic serial killer that chops bodies into pieces after draining all of their blood.  He&#8217;s named the Ice Truck Killer because it is believed that he drives around in an ice truck before dumping the bodies off.  Great pilot season.  If you have not seen this show, this is definitely one you do not want to miss.
This isn't one of those shows or movies about a serial killer who just does it for fun.  Dexter Morgan targets people very specifically and only those whom he believes have crossed a line or violated one of his standards.  For example, Dex would never molest or kill a child, so he kills a man who has done such things to choir boys.  This is not a defense of Dex, just a clarification.What makes him even more complex is that he did not suffer abuse at the hands of his loving foster parents; he maintains a good relationship with his sister, a cop; he works as a forensic examiner for the police; he fakes emotions as best he can with  his girlfriend and her kids; and feels nothing at all, most of the time, unless it's a sense that he must get rid of someone.Michael C. Hall's performance and voiceover work are very strong. He's stretched out further than he could with his character on the late, great Six Feet Under.
If you're reading this you either are 1) a fan of the show 2) want to know more about it to see if it will appeal to you. Michael C. Hall (\
\
This series is absolutely one of the best cop shows I have ever seen.  One reason is because Vick goes beyond what is dictated by the law and this is what a lot of citizens would do if they had the chance.  At first I couldn't decide if he was a good cop or a bad cop but by the end of the series I came to believe that he is just a mix of both.I can not really rate season 5 by it's self because I actually do not see any difference in any of the seasons.  They are every one a spell binding, can't wait till I see the next one kind of a series.  One of the things that make it outstanding is that they don't use an episode as a stand alone show.  There are plots that continue through many episodes and mini plots that get solved in one episode.My wife and I stayed up way past our normal bedtimes many nights because we kept saying... lets watch just one more!
Vic and the crew are a good ensemble cast who have so much going on in their lives you wonder how they'll pull it off
Each episode builds the crescendo of anticipation of how Mackey and his Strike Force is going to out-do the previous episode of ball busting and head knocking.
I have watched all six seasons and I am about to finish the series.  Every episode keeps you on the edge of your seat.  The roller coaster ride is never ending and I am going to miss the series when I finish.  I wish that there was something to take it's place.  Michael Chiklis and the rest of the cast step out of the story and grab you by the shirt and never let go.
This series is one of the classics of all time. The characters are unforgettable and painted from  the broad strokes of good and evil and many shades in between.  The themes are here to examine the human condition on so many levels that at times it makes your head spin, particularly when you compare it to todays events. What a show!!!!
Good writing and acting make this show engaging season after season.  At the end of each you wonder where it could possibly go next, and yet the writing team always pulls it off.
I loved this show. I had never heard of it until recently and I'm glad I started watching it. Addicting.
A great series and this season turned everything upside down. Mackey and his crew are under fire and Forrest Whitaker is out to get them and bring them down. This was was one of the most emotional and shocking seasons ever for this great show. A must buy series if you love cop dramas. This is the best cop show. It is dark and it pulls no punches. Once you watch it you will want to see more. Show will have you hooked.
Season five sees the strike team under investigation yet again.  You know the writing is good when you want the do anything it takes cops to succeed. While every episode is great there will be some big shockers at the end of the season. I am really glad I have the chance to catch up on this well written if gritty show.
Season 5 takes a turn with the introduction of Forest Whitaker as LT Jon Kavanaugh.  Prior to his departure, Kavanaugh had been tasked by Captain Aceveco to find the dirt on Vic.  Hellbent and determined, Kavanaugh does his best to do so.I don't know whether it was his character, his acting or the side story, but I didn't like the introduction of Kavanaugh to the series.  Sure, I believe many think the introduction may have been needed, but the subplot was often way too distracting.
Since this has been out for a while, and if you're researching season 5, hopefully you've already seen the 4 before it, I'll make it short.I've seen every episode of The Shield, and the finale of this season is one of the best episodes of TV - of ANY show - that I've ever seen.I think it's the second best season (second only to season 1) that this show has ever had.If you're a fan of the show, what are you waiting for?
