I had big expectations because I love English TV, in particular Investigative and detective stuff but this guy is really boring. It didn't appeal to me at all.
I highly recommend this series. It is a must for anyone who is yearning to watch \
This one is a real snoozer. Don't believe anything you read or hear, it's awful. I had no idea what the title means. Neither will you.
Mysteries are interesting.  The tension between Robson and the tall blond is good but not always believable.  She often seemed uncomfortable.
This show always is excellent, as far as british crime or mystery showsgoes this is one of the best ever made.  The stories are well done and the acting is top notch with interesting twists in the realistic and brutal storylines.  This show pulls no punches as it enters into the twisted minds of criminals and the profiler psychiatrist who helps out in a northern english city police force. The show looks like it is shot in Manchester but it is called by another name in the show.  One episode is not on this disc the excellent 'prayer of the bone\
I discovered this series quite by accident. Having watched and appreciated Masterpiece Contemporary: Place of Execution, I was keen to read the novel (which inspired the TV adaptation) by Val McDermid. The novel was very well-written, and a nail-biting suspense thriller. Then I discovered that Val McDermid wrote other novels as well, and a couple of them inspired the TV crime drama Wire in the Blood.I finished watching all of Season 1 and have become a fan of this gritty crime drama that follows the investigations led by DI Carol Jordan (Hermione Norris). She is assisted by clinical psychologist Dr. Tony Hill (Robson Green), a rather eccentric figure who delves deeply into the minds of serial killers, studies patterns of criminal behavior and profiles criminals. His methods may seem strange at times, but he always manages to get results. Both Jordan and Hill make a strange if compelling pair, with Jordan analyzing a case based on evidence, and Hill working based on his knowledge of deviant behavior and what makes people commit disturbing crimes.Unlike some of the \
It beats watching a blank screen. However, I just don't seem to be in tune with to comedy of today.
There are many episodes in this series, so I pretty-much just skip through them to try to find a description of something I think I would like.  It's kind of a crap shoot as to whether you'll be entertained or not, but hey, if you're just sitting around trying to kill 20-30 minutes while you're waiting for something else to do, it's worth a shot.
This is the best of the best comedy Stand-up. The fact that I was able to just watch continuously one comedian after another was great. I had the best laughter I have had in a long time.
Not bad.  Didn't know any of the comedians but first time viewing put a smile on my face.  I'll check out the next season soon.
Funny, interesting, a great way to pass time. I usually enjoy standup comedy and is this is a good show for me.
I love the variety of comics.  Great for dinner TV entertainment because of length of each episode.  Many of the featured comics have gone on to even bigger TV specials so it's great to see some of their earlier material.
comedy is a matter of taste. this guy was a little funny but there are others that are far funnier than this guy
if this had to do with Dat Phan, he was hilarious, I enjoyed his comedy and would watch him alone numerous times
Watched it for Kevin Hart and only Kevin Hart!  He makes me laugh.  The best comedy comes from pain and Kevin does his comedy with a huge heart.
he's OK. His humor consists mainly of varying between a Vietnamese accent and a smooth articulate presentation of ironic situations.
some comedians are very good, some not so good, and some are just not funny.  I don't know the names to chose from and watched this by picking random episodes. However, I do know some big names in stand up comedy and these were not included on prime.
I only watched the Wanda Sykes portion of this show. I think it was interesting to watch because it was before she came out as a lesbian. She was married to a man at the time. She actually made some jokes that raised my eyebrows since she is now a lesbian. I didn't like this because it seemed hypocritical but I think Wanda Sykes is really funny. She is one of the few comedians who can make me really LOL (Laugh Out Loud). If you want to see what her comedy was like before she came out a lesbian or you are a Wanda Sykes fan, watch it. I am a huge fan of hers. I would like to see her in a live how. I am glad she is true to herself now and came out as a lesbian. I hope Wanda keeps on making me and others laugh for a long time to come.
Enjoyed some of the comedians, it was a joy to laugh after losing my father whom I was a caregiver for
All the comedians are hilarious. I have seen them all before on Comedy Central but what a great idea to put them all together. I love Amazon prime and I love their shows. They are so much better than Netflix. I got rid of my Netflix Amazon rocks and Netflix well it thymes with rocks but in a bad way.
There were some good entertainers, and some are just dumb.  I kept a paper and pen and wrote down names of the ones I wanted to see more.  They keep them in fairly short bits.  If you are looking to laugh continuous this may not be for you.  But each person has a different sense of humor so give it a try, but don't expect greatness.
Very funny. Some of the comedians were funnier than the others. We were laughing so hard the dog thought something was wrong with us
Great variety of good comics. Each show is just the right length to not get boring. The comics are really funny too.
I loved the humor of the stand-up comics featured here. I only got the free episode listed at the beginning of the season, but it probably gives a good idea of what is contained in the rest of the season. I have actually watched several episodes of this season when I was having a free 30-day trial membership in Amazon prime, which I eventually plan to become a paid subscriber to.
It was fine - not my favorite but a comic on her way up. Some of the same cliche material I hear from others but a spark if the individual world view comes to the fore.
It is nice to see some of the more popular comedians when they were first starting out. You can tell why some made it big and some didn't. If you like stand up comedy, I recommend giving it a try.
This is a cute series, and I did watch two episodes, and enjoyed both of them.BUT I had to ask myself, if I had watched these two episodes on regular TV, would I have watched a third episode a week later? I had to honestly answer that I might watch it, but if something better was on, I wouldn't &#34;need&#34; to watch it.If you enjoy comedies, you might love this series more than me, and I might return to try it again in a few months or years. Sometimes, I return to a book at a later date and love it more, and the same could happen here.
Season 2 of It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia is mandatory for anyhow who watches the show to own. This season has some of the greatest episodes in Sunny history!
Each episode gives me more entertainment than anything else on the tube. though I may not  want to have these characters as real friends - the women are hot though - the plots and characters make for great viewing.Do not see myself abandoning this series.I give 5 stars to every episode and season of Always Sunny in Philadelphia!Thanks Amazon!
Got these for my son's birthday. He says they are great! They are funny so give them a try! OK!
The show is a little bit dry, but is definitely funny.Have only seen the first four episodes, and they were definitely funny enough to continue watching the series.Characters are easy to relate to as they are about my age, funny stuff.
This show is plain dumb and not funny. It is sad how much TV comedy has deteriorated. Gone are the days of fantastic shows like Seinfeld, Cheers, Frasier, Everybody loves Raymond, Tool time etc. And they are replaces with shows like this one, with 2 dimensional stupid characters, bad acting and idiotic writing, where sleazy behavior is supposed to be funny. It is not!!!The 3 guys characters all have exactly the personality; all unlikeable, dumb, juvenile, infantile, sleazy and lack any redeeming qualities, and the girl is the same shallow personality in female version.The stories all have the same theme; juvenile pursuits of cheap thrills like one night stands (referred to as \
maybe i just dont get it...but crude not funny and irritating most of the time....guys that dumb shouldnt be on TV
Gave this to a good friend and ordered another for myself.  Very funny!  I highly recommend this for anyone who enjoys irony and a good laugh.
Out of all the new comedies that have come out in the last ten years, Sunny is as the top of my list.  You need an affinity for quirky, offbeat humor to enjoy it, not to mention a high tolerance for raw language and sexual humor.  The first season consisted of just seven episodes, but established the core characters and operators of Paddy&#8217;s Pub; owners Dennis, Mac, and Charlie, and waitress/Dennis&#8217;s twin sister Dee.  In Season 2 (ten episodes), Danny Devito comes on board as Frank, Dennis and Dee&#8217;s dad.  The show&#8217;s creators (Rob McElhenney/ Mac; Glenn Howerton/Dennis; and Charlie Day/Charlie) are hilarious as actors, and also as writers.  Every character on the show stands out and gets big laughs out of me.  It&#8217;s one of those great ensemble casts that&#8217;s incredibly balanced in terms of the personalities and comedic nature of each character, resulting in a consistently high level of quality in every episode.  These first two seasons have some of my favorites, including &#8220;Charlie Has Cancer,&#8221; &#8220;Charlie Got Molested,&#8221; &#8220;Dennis and Dee Go on Welfare,&#8221; &#8220;Hundred Dollar Baby,&#8221; and &#8220;Charlie Goes America All Over Everybody&#8217;s Ass.&#8221;  Like most fans of the show, I tend to favor the Charlie-themed episodes, and considering that he&#8217;s the only one so far to get movie roles and a gig hosting SNL, it&#8217;s clear how important he is as part of the cast.  But that&#8217;s not a knock against anyone else.  I can&#8217;t really imagine it continuing if they lost any of the key characters of Dennis, Dee, Mac, and Charlie, and even though Frank wasn't there in the beginning, it would definitley hurt the show to lose him.  As far as current TV comedies go, no one else is doing anything funnier than &#8220;Always Sunny,&#8221; and these first two seasons show it.
It's basically a slightly less intelligent version of &#34;Seinfeld.&#34; If I had to define it I'd say it's sophomoric humor which contains lots and lots of yelling amongst the main characters. For lovers of low brow comedy, this will be among your favorites. I haven't seen all of the episodes yet, but so far it appears that no topic is taboo.
4.5 starsI knew nothing of this until a friend lent it to me this weekend. I laughed. Often. At things that aren't supposed to be funny, but as any serious fan of comedy knows, those can be the best laughs. I walked away feeling lighter and happier. If that ain't comedic success, what is?IASIP is like Seinfeld if the SeinFour were ten years younger, Irish, and ran a bar in South Philly. These guys have clearly studied Sein and Curb very closely, and their tight timing and topics and banter are all very Larry Davidesque...but they go places even LD won't. The best two shows of the 7-episode first season are about cancer and abortion; I howled at some moments. These guys have done what so many guys want to do: make a show about how funny they are. Except, these guys really are funny. Sometimes. But hey, no one's always hittin' homers, even on comedy 'roids, so I cut these three some slack and marvel at how tightly they work together. There's a lot to be said for working with old friends, if they have talent: the camaraderie and timing here are born of many years of drinking and laughing and thinking and falling down, no doubt. And these three guys are each pretty dang funny, each in his own fashion.DeVito is ok but I liked the first season best for its rawness. Still, as the later shows get a little more polished it's often in good ways.If you don't like drinking, if you insist on PC language from your friends and neighbors, and if you are in general just plain uptight about people living and thinking the way you want them to, look elsewhere. But If you enjoy tying one on and laughing your butt off at the endlessly silly idiocy that accompanies being alive in America these days, you may just find Always Sunny to be almost always funny.
I enjoyed the first season a lot. The 4 main characters are very funny with their self centered ways. The second season they added Danny Devito  (Frank Reynolds) as the deranged father figure. Now most of the story lines revolve around him. Not as funny. Maybe it's better to just leave well enough alone.
This series revolves around 4 friends who run a bar in Philadelphia and who go through a variety of difficult but extremely funny and often extravagant situations. I had heard of the series previously but was only convinced of buying it after seeing an intervewi with the actress. What a suprise: this is a somewhat lesscorrect version of Friends meets My Name Is Earl. I agree that this may not be correct at all since this series has no respect for conventional moarl issues such as lying about having cancer, discovering a friend's grandfather was a nazi. It also tackles the strange love men sometimes has for guns ets... In some ways it is difficult to describe and understand if you have not seen this gem of comedy.
It was a disappointment. I gave it a few episodes to get into it, but it didn't get any better.
Watched Charlie Day give a commencement address and then decided to check out his show. Found this show surprisingly GOOD!  The cast is funny but they deal with real world guy and girl issues I. A fun, but informative way. Highly recommend it and not just for the laughs.
I was pleasantly surprised with this \
Overacted but occasionally funny over the top sitcom of friends running a bar that involve getting caught in some silly scheme, one character trying to convince others how selfish or immature they are acting, being broke, getting drunk, or getting laid.  Perhaps the story ideas got funnier in season 2 as they did with \
I wish I were a part of this cast. This is the funniest stuff ever. YOU MUST GET THIS IF YOU ARE A DIE HARD &#34;SUNNY&#34; FAN!
Who says the sitcom is dead?  Not since Arrested Development has a sitcom been this truly hysterical and quick paced that you don't know what to expect next.  It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, originally premiering on the FX network in 2005, revolves around four friends: Charlie (Charlie Day), Mac (Rob McElhenney), Dennis (Glenn Howerton), and his sister Dee (Kaitlin Olson); all of whom own and run an Irish bar in downtown Philadelphia.  They get into all kinds of crazy hijinks through misunderstandings and just plain bad judgement, ranging from being mistaken as a gay bar to Charlie lying about having cancer.  Yes, there's nothing really wholly original about the show's premise, but it remains hysterically funny throughout.  The second season of the show finds Danny DeVito joining the cast as Dennis and Dee's father, who isn't the sanest of the bunch either.  This DVD set compiles the first two seasons of the show, and is definitely worth picking up for viewers who turned it when it first premiered, as well as newer viewers who may be anxiously awaiting the upcoming and long awaited third season of this very funny show.
I heard about It's Always Sunny from a Kevin Smith Smodcast. If you haven't been force-fed the usual formula comedycrap replete with obnoxious laugh tracks, you might just like it.It's not a continuous knee-slapper but just some good ol' off-center comedy. Welcome back Danny DeVito - sure he's doing the same ol' DePalma character, but I STILL think it's funny. For me, it's another one of those sit down and plow through a DVD at a time. I would never have had the patience to watch these one at a time on the tube when it aired (that's just me).
funny thing. My brother's been trying to get me to watch this show forever. As it turns out, I get the videos of the day, everyday, and one was Charlie Day giving the commencement speech at his alma mater, Merrimack college in New Hampshire. it was then I realized that its Always Sunny in Philadelphia, was his show, and he's from New Hampshire where I'm from also.of course, this is what prompted me to actually start watching the show. I really enjoy it, it almost seems unscripted. The best part is, it's on Amazon Prime for free. How can you beat that!
Fan-tastic. This is a show about terrible people being terrible, and it's hilarious and mean and perfect. Watching the characters grow into such vile monsters is a real joy. Seriously!
I love this show and I don't think that will ever change.  I hate all of the characters and I mean that in the best way.  Hilarious.
I love it's always sunny and wanted to own the seasons, but didn't want to spend a lot of money. Came to Amazon and managed to buy seasons 1-6 for less then $25!! Way pumped!The discs were clean, no scratches, worked perfectly. No problems at allAs for the first seasons of it's always sunny, you either like it or you don't. I used to hate this show, but it's now one of my favorite shows. If you haven't seen it yet, then get on it player!
Wish I had watched this show when it began back in 2001.  Very happy that it is available from Amazon to stream.  I've watched 5 seasons in 3 weeks!  Will keep you on the edge of your seat (if you suspend reality a little bit).  Highly recommend!
Non stop action with edge of your seat thrilling plots with a new turn every minute.  Cast of great stars keep all events seeming like weeks but actually are in 24 hours
I had a hard time following this show when it was on TV but now that it is on Prime I can watch the episodes in a row without commercial interruption. I now can watch all of them at my leisure. I am so excited that I can't wait for another day to watch more! And I think Keifer Sutherland makes the show. I would like to tell all viewers out there that you should be on Prime because all of these episodes are for free with your membership. Many of your TV episode series are for free and tons of movies. So you all out there join Amazon Prime!
Season 5 24 is fantastic.  Each episode gets more and more exciting!  I keep thinking, it can't get any better than this, but guess what!  It does! Fantastic show, no show can beat 24!  I am a wreck when its over, but I love it so!
Seson five is killer! I would recommend this dvd set to anybody! Full of suspense killer action! Jack is a bad ass! Buy it , you won't regret it!
This show is like a runaway train ride. Every episode has poor Jack in some death defying crisis. Really enjoyed the ride.
hope they start changing the plot a little faster, never seen so many pole changes in one show in one week
For sheer intensity and plot topsy-turvies, no other show comes close to 24. You'd think the premise (every hour of the 24 episode-long season is played in real-time; thus 24 encapsulates a full day) would get old by now, but, surprisingly, the producers and writers have managed to come up with another riveting, must-see season. In fact, this might be the best season of them all. The thrills and nail-biting suspense (as well as the SPOILERS alert) begin early in the season five opener, with the shocking slaying of President Palmer and assassination attempts on familiar CTU agents (one of which is tragically successful). Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) is lured out of hiding after 18 months and becomes rapidly embroiled in a devious conspiracy that goes all the way up to the White House. As he becomes the most wanted man in America (he is framed for Palmer's assassination), he must try to ferret out the true culprit(s) and again save the country from deadly Russian extremists and various domestic villains. On a personal level, he must come to terms with the deaths of personal friends, the alienation of his daughter Kim, and the fact that his former girlfriend  Audrey Raines (Kim Raver) might have moved on.There's a reason why Kiefer won the best dramatic actor Emmy and why 24 beat out the likes of the West Wing, the Sopranos, Grey's Anatomy, and House for best drama. The fifth season is fully serviced by a coming together of story and acting - from the gripping, edge-of-your-seat plot line, with its manic twists and turns, to the no-quarters-given, full speed ahead performances of the cast, but specially of Kiefer Sutherland, who gives his all in inhabiting his role. Kiefer IS the show and consistently produces such driven intensity, lying just beneath an icy cold surface, and yet his eyes reveal a vulnerability of sorts, when he's reacting to something personal to him. He makes a scene work, even without dialogue. Very good stuff. And, no, you do not want to get in the way of Jack Bauer.There are other standouts, of course. Gregory Itzin as the shifty and weak-willed U.S. President makes you gleefully hiss, while Jean Smart as the medicated First Lady Martha Logan brings earnest soap-opera acting to primetime. Mary Lynn Rajskub (Chloe O'Brian) continues her highlight role as CTU's brilliant but cantankerous and socially-inept tech support operative. Meanwhile, James Morrison, Roger Cross, Kim Raver, Carlos Bernard, Louis Lombardi, and Sean Astin become the season's dependable, solid bedrock.That so many of the regular cast die in this season lends an immediacy to the episodes and exponentially raises the stakes. There's no comfort level at all here, as you're never sure who would survive in the end (but, with this show, were you ever sure?). Even Kiefer Sutherland had played around with the idea of having Jack Bauer biting the dust (Please, no!).So, the 24 - Season Five dvd box releases December 5, 2006, just in time for you to go thru 'em to prep for season six, which begins next January on Fox. Season Six, by the way, picks up nearly two years after season five's finale and will have James Cromwell with a recurring role as Jack's estranged dad, Phillip Bauer. Also joining the cast is Eddie Izzard, Kal Penn (Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle), Peter MacNicol, Regina King, and the beautiful Rena Sofer. I can't wait to own season five and, then, to see season six. Long live Jack Bauer!
Revel in his awesomeness!!! For he is a god amongst men and he is deserving of all praise that can possibly be heaped upon him. The one time the Emmys got something right!! Jack Bauer is as close as any fictional character has become to being superhumanly powerful, and at some times his recurrent circumvention of the bureaucratic system, assaulting his friends and co-workers, his flagrant abuse of \
The first five seasons of 24 are the best thriller/escapism you'll find on television. It's fast-paced, big-budgeted, over-the-top (sometimes WAAAAAAAY over-the-top), and mostly clever. But I don't think ANY of the previous seasons (or the lame season 6) can come even close to the excitment and joy of watching this fifth season.Yes this season follows the same (tired) gimick of everything happening in real-time, but what set this season apart for me was it's more focusd plot-line. Several of lead character Jack Bauer's friends are killed or attacked and he's out to find out who and get revenge. Ok, sometimes the overall story arch DOES get side-tracked to the typical (terrorists trying to release poisonous gas), and sometimes it's not always that interesting (CTU gets infiltrated AGAIN!). But none of these side-attractions even BEGIN to take-away from the exciting central story which pushes along at break-neck speed and crediblilty (thanks also to the believable performances of the ENTIRE cast).Like some people I try not to watch the show on TV and much prefer to wait for the DVD to come out which is why I can't recommend buying this season enough (thought why there's not subtitles on every episode is beyond me). Yes it's a couple years old now, but it's still the best (and most affordable) 24 episodes of action you'll find anywhere.
Just finished the 5th season of this very riveting series. I must admit the season started off with a Bang! When you watch it you will see what I mean. However, about mid season I had to push myself a little to get through to the last 1/3 of season, and I am SO glad I did! WOW! talk about being on the edge of my seat. This season really does have more of an edge to it. A fictional Syntox gas, nerve agent,  is involved, terrorist plots, political corruption and some of the main characters are bumped off! Loved this season and would highly recommend it to anyone!
Ugh, I can't take it - making the presidents right hand man involved in terrorism ?! The first lady clinically insane.  Then making you think it's the vice pres, then it turns out to be the president himself.  Uhhh, yeah, right. I thought at first at least they didn't do another mole in CTU (which they had done every single stinkin season).......then, turns out they did have someone in there following the 'right hand mans' orders! But he 'thought' he was doing the right thing.  Either way, STOP RECYCLING THE EXACT SAME PLOT LINES.  And they still have everyone respond to anything with \
Absolutely great show! Every episode keeps you on the edge of your seat!  Makes it very hard to turn it off!
While I had kind of given up on 24, this is a good return to form for the series. It starts with the assasination of previous president Palmer and as the season advances we see how Jack, who has come back from the dead for many, is confronted with a group of russian separatists who have gotten some nerve gas. The way the story unfolds gets slightly too straightforward from the middle of the season on but it is still quite exciting stuff. Kim comes back for a short period also.
I particularly like the fact that the show (which I missed when broadcast) subtly introduces the moral dilemmas of the situations.
In the aftermath of season 4, Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) had to fake his own death and go into hiding.  But he can't seem to stay in retirement for long.  Someone knows Jack is alive and targets his friends, forcing Jack to come out of hiding to face down terrorists yet again.Meanwhile, it is an important day for the United States and President Logan (Gregory Itzin).  He has been working hard to iron out an anti-terrorism treaty with Russia, and that treaty will be signed that day.  But the treat of terrorists in Los Angeles with stolen nerve gas just might be enough to derail the treaty.Season 5 won an Emmy for best drama, and it was well deserved.  Even after five years, this show is gripping drama with excellent writing and acting.  I am glued to my seat every week, breathing only during commercial breaks.  This season the threat and storytelling seemed more focused then previous years, adding to the drama.There were a couple flaws this season.  I sure don't remember the explanation of who knew Jack was alive at the beginning of the season.  Maybe it was mentioned and I missed it.  Furthermore, we have yet more examples of lack of security at CTU.  While it does make for gripping drama, it does seem like they could come up with a new plot trick every so often.My biggest complaint this season was the body count.  We lost several key characters from previous years.  While I understand the producer's desire to keep us on the edge of our seats, can't anyone from the show live happily ever after?  It honestly got to the point I dreaded seeing anyone who had been on the show before for fear they would be killed off.Still, these are minor issues with a truly wonderful show.  I'm counting down the hours until the next season premiers and we can start the rush all over again.
(BEWARE, SOME SPOILERS BELOW)Man, this is really a violent, dark and totally avoid of humour show. But's the beuaty of it: there shows around about very differente themes.The proposal of 24 hours is to give you non-stop action, non-stop twists and, also, a lot of bloodshed. It's interestin also to see through the shows the incredible amount of highly trained, superbly financied and intelliegnt people willing to do harm to good old Uncle Sam, be them American, Muslin, German, Rusian... Also, the terrorists portrayed in the show are capable of mobilizing killer squads in less time than it takes to say \
This is a banner series for this extraordinarily conceived and executed television series.  From its explosive opening through 24 hours of plot twists, exciting action, and devastating loss, this season is absolutely superb.  Be warned though---there's lots of unexpected killings in this season and several favorite characters are disposed of.  You just don't know what to expect from this Emmy-winning series.Kiefer Sutherland won his much deserved Best Actor emmy as Jack finds himself confronted with one impossible task after another.  The supporting cast is superb:  James Morrison as CTU director Bill Buchanan; Mary Lynn Rajskub as the neurotic but brilliant Chloe; Kim Raver as Jack's former love Audrey; William Devane as irasible Secretary of Defense; Louis Lombardi as the plump and human Edgar; Jayne Atkinson as the Homeland Security Director; Sean Astin as the pompous replacement; Peter Weller as the vicious assassin; Glenn Morshower as the stoic Aaron; Jude Ciccollella as Mike Novick; Julian Sands as the evil terrorist; and of course, Gregory Itzin and Jean Smart as the President and First Lady, who were robbed of their supporting actor Emmys, and who are just fantastic in these pivotal roles.24 is one of the best series out there and this season shows why.
24, Seasons 1 - 8 are some of the best I've ever seen! From the first hour, every scene is filled with suspense and anticipation. JACK BAUER (Kiefer Sutherland) is a story hero that is always two steps ahead of the bad guys which helps keeping me from throwing rocks at my i-pad (the bad guys)! Can't wait for the next season to show up!&#128522;
Love the show. Period. Have just finished watching the first 5 seasons (something of a marathon over the last month).Season 5 is probably my favorite season to date. It starts strong and doesn't let up until it's over.As to packaging and the discs themselves: the first 4 seasons come in fold-out packaging + outer sleeve, much like the Highlander series and a few others. The first discs contain the episodes themselves, and the last disc contains some bonus materials. Season 5, however, breaks from this tradition and instead packages the discs in 4 slim cases (the 4th holds the bonus features disc). A change of page in packaging, but still quite attractive, with approximately the same shelf footprint (if not slightly smaller).Season 5 continues to do a good job with chapter breaks, scene selection menus, and bonus features. I might note however, they've added a slightly longer intro before getting to the main menu (looks like booting up and logging into a CTU computer system). However, on my DVD player I could skip ahead without having to play the whole sequence. So, it wasn't completely ungainly.The video and audio were up to par. Of course I don't have a large-screen/wide-screen TV nor surround sound, so I can't test under all conditions. But if there were any video or audio issues I didn't notice them. Perhaps some moire/color issues in scenes with close parallel-line patterns. But I've noticed that on any number of DVD releases of other series from other studios, so I wouldn't say there was any more in 24 than other series.Overall, I highly recommend this for anyone who hasn't seen 24, and who likes the spy/thriller type show. If you liked Alias and/or La Femme Nikita, you'll probably like 24 as well. There are some \
24 is the most  fun series I have ever seen on tv.  I love keifer Sutherland and it appears to me that a lot of actors get good parts and get in a lot of acting.  Also this series has people, even the bad guys speaking articulately and very rationally.  We are seeing a show full of admirable people not a bunch of losers.  That must be a part of the popularity of the series.Note something else, these people comply with the human requirement  of pronouncing judgement.
There was lots of action, I love it , Cant wait for the next season, very good acting. A lot of actors I remember. I would recomend to everyone.
Season Five was the winner!  Of course, Kiefer and the regular cast absolutely rock, it was fantastic to see as much of Agent Pierce as we did this season, and Gregory Itzen and Jean Smart...... well, what can I say about them other than === shoulda won the Emmys!!!
We were not fans of 24 until a family member gave us Season 7 DVD.  The show is well done, we get a kick out of the fact that 24 shows is equal to 24 hours of activity.  And laugh that no one ever takes a nap or eats during any of the shows.  We are now working on Season 6 and then will catch up with the new show on TV this season.
The shocking opening moments of the fifth season of 24 literally blew away everything that we've come to know about the show.  Alliances are challenged, close friends are lost--all the while Jack Bauer tries to keep his sanity and find out who the real culprit is behind one of the most trying days in American history.The cast is perfect, the storyline is compelling, and the action is never ceasing.  This season had by far the most suspense as well as the most cliff hangers.  After I finished watching an episode, I usually wanted to go right to the next and watch it right away!  There is, however, a big plot hole in the season.  The fate of Evelyn Martin and her daughter was never covered, and I found that unfair; an entire episode depicted their plight, and I feel it should have been resolved, whether she was killed or left alive by Henderson.Any show that can make a person sympathize with someone while viciously rooting against them (i.e. Logan) is a stupendous show.  24 delivers all of that and more, with its best season to date.9/10
I loved this season of 24. I loved almost everything about it, even the death scenes. I felt like nobody was safe, and anybody could die! I especially loved the episode where everyone is trapped in C.T.U. with the nerve gas everywhere. I also loved the surprise ending with Jack being taken hostage by the Chinese who were still after Jack from season 4. I highly recommend this season to all fans of 24. And I just saw the season six trailer. I've watched it over three times and I can't wait.
I am watching each season of 24 on Amazon Prime Video and thoroughly enjoy each season. The twists and turns in each story are amazing, plus the shows give you mystery, action, love, betrayal, and so much more. It can take some time to get through an entire season because there ARE twenty-four 45 minute episodes. But whatever time you have to devote to this series is well worth it.
I'm a fan what can I say.  I just watched seasons 1-5.  5 was one of my favorites, Jack seems to be going rogue more, the president is a despicable character.  The various sub plots are on the verge of repulsive but the writers reel it in or at least end them with Jack Bauer justice.  This season you should watch.
By now I've gotten into 24 pretty deep. I like the intensity of this real time format. I really enjoy watching Jack save the world.
I enjoyed nearly all the seasons of 24 and this is probably my third year I have watched them.  So excited they are bringing the show back though it may be somewhat different.  I enjoy dramas such as &#34;24&#34; and &#34;Covert Affair&#34;.  Good luck to the 24 actors and crew and hope the new show will do well.
\
great acting.  Lot of cliff  hangers.  good direction. absorbing - couldn't stop watching it.  i would recommend it to anyone.
While Season One of 24 focused much of its attention on President David Palmer, Seasons 2-4 saw the Oval Office by and large take a back seat to the missions of Jack Bauer and CTU.  However, Season Five brings some of the attention back to the sitting U.S. President (this time Charles Logan) and ends up with a much more well-rounded storyline.For a basic (non-spoilery) plot summary, a group of Russian terrorists threaten to release canisters of nerve gas in the U.S., leading Bauer to be reprieved from his thought-to-be death in order to help stop the crisis.  As CTU begins investigating the terrorism, however, it quickly becomes clear that the terrorists are working with a high-ranking government official, and the conspiracy begins to be unraveled.To be honest, at first I was skeptical of all the focus on President Logan, as didn't like his character and wasn't sure that he could command the camera as well as his predecessor Palmer.  However, by the end of the season, Logan is easily the most enjoyable/interesting character on the show.  His acting, along with his wife, chief of staff, and head of security, really gives the show the Presidential presence it lacked since that first season.Of course, there is still more than enough of Jack Bauer and his fellow CTU agents (Audrey Rains, Bill Buchanon, Edgar Stiles, Chloe O'Brien, etc.) to go around, which means that intense drama ensues in every single episode.  The writers have an amazing way to take a character that looks like a creep (think Tony Almeida and George Mason in the early seasons) and, by the end of a few episodes, have him become a noble hero, and that tradition continues in this season as well.The only \
If I had a friend Like MacGyver, than I would have try Survival Island and we would win all the money.
MacGyver can work his way out of anything with his knowledge of physics.  He is a master of problem solving.  I think everyone would enjoy seeing his stories.
It was  Good and funny I enjoy it it is worth watching a family movie Just enjoy  very light  Enjoy
As usual, MacGyver is as exciting as ever.
James Bond minus the adult stuff.  Great show that shows the mind is still the best weapon.  Sure there is some liberal stuff thrown in but it is family friendly.  And who can't resist the MacGyverisms as you think could that work.  Maybe not but it will make the kids think and want to experiment.  Good stuff for the whole family.
Well, I enjoy them for many reasons. i remember Mark Harmon when he played football for UCLA. He made the right career choice instead of getting banged up and damaged from the NFL he is raking it in with all of these hit series year after year.
What happened with Tony and the plague he was dying from.  HELP!  It's killing me to know!!!!!!!!!!
Season three opens, with Gibbs going after Kate's killer, Ari. And to try to throw alot at us, NCIS gets a new director, Jenny Shepard played by Lauren Holly. Now Shepard and Gibbs do have some history, since both were partners at NCIS at one time, also. To proclaim Ari's innocence, is Massade officer Ziva David. And I'm sorry, I didn't like her then. And I don't liker her now, She and pretty much all of Massad is built up like they are the only agents that are extremely tough, they're unstoppable. So Ziva and Jenny try to convince Gibbs that he's wrong, and Gibbs even makes the only logical argument against Ari's innocence. That if he were innocent, he would turn himself in. So, after much arguing, he gets Ziva to follow him. And Ziva kills Ari in Gibb's basement, And we get each persons view of how they saw Kate in this episode. Now, I would have inserted Paula Cassidy to the team after this. Since there was some obvious chemistry between her and tony, but no. We get Ziva, and she is built up like I said. As this unstoppable, lean mean killing machine. The best of the best, and I'm sorry, but she's abrasive and annoying. And I still have a hard time accepting her to the team, Gibbs magically trusts her more than any other member of the team. season three is a good season, and Ziva is the on;y reason I didn't give it 5 stars. Although season three does end with almost getting blown up, going into a coma. Waking up from that coma, and thinking it's 1991. And we get to meet Gibbs's mentor, Mike Franks. Which leads to gibbs trying to stop a terrorists attack. Only the generals won't allow it, and Gibbs ends up Quitting NCIS. All in all, season three is still awsome. Like I said before, my only problem is Ziva. The introduction of a new director, and then Gibbs leaving.
NCIS changed in third season..and gotten strongerAt the end of season two, Kate was shot and died. Season three handles her death in the openning two parter \
We have watched the first and second season and we love the series.  We are now watching the third season and just like the first two we love the NCIS Team and the plots are excellent.
Please see earlier rant on season 4.  I like that they do not always end on a shocker, sometimes they just quietly say good bye.  It can be so hard to replace characters but they have a knack for it.  Good season for sure.
What is there to say about NCIS?LGG..slappin the back of peoples's heads.Abby..man what a great show.I watch this every Tuesday night,though Los Angles is better.
Started watching NCIS marathon on USA Channel (had never watched the show) and got hooked.  I have since purchased every season through Amazon and am enjoying every episode.  Great show.
Season 3 is much easier to use because CBS Video has splurged on the Play All function and subtitles.  I started to like NCIS with the introduction of Cote de Pablo who looks like a cross between Winona Ryder and Salma Hayek.  This is the season with the \
Love having the Instant View feature on Amazon.com. I have used this feature many times and will do again. Would highly recommend to friends and family.
as one of their own is shot and killed by the terrorist Gibbs has been hunting Ari.  The season also shows how the different NCIS members are dealing with this tragic loss in a two part episode Kill Ari.  This in turn leads to the new characters, Ziva David and the new NCIS Director (who has more than a little history with Gibbs).This all blends in well and the new members of the team pick up right where they left off.  With all the quirkiness and fun that they have in each show, it only helps to show much the actors/actresses have grown together and it makes NCIS one reason that i love to watch not only this show.  But others of the same caliber.  I am looking forward to season four as well as the 3rd season ended in a particular way.  It leaves a lot of things open for the following season.But it also answers a few questions before the season is up like Gibbs past and how that affects him in his job today.  I love all the characters in the show-Abby, Ducky, Dinozo(sp), \
It is a well-done TV series that can absorb cast changes and continue to deliver excellent shows.  NCIS Season Two ended with the shocking murder of Agent Caitlin Todd.  Season Three opens with two major cast additions.  Cote de Pablo joins the team as the beautiful and dangerous Israeli Mossad Agent Ziva David, while veteran actress Lauren Holly, as Jenny Shepard, becomes the new director of NCIS.The changes put iconic Senior Agent Jethro Gibbs (Mark Harmon) in the awkward situation of working in a new agent while getting used to a new boss who is a former love interest.  The rest of the team, still grieving for Caitlin, are slow to embrace Ziva but will be won over by her obvious competence, and by her hilarious efforts to master American slang.  Wisecracking Agent Tony DiNozzo (Michael Weatherly)in particular will find that Ziva forces him to raise his game in a way that Caitlin never quite did.The exciting two-part season opener resolves the still-open case of Agent Todd's murder.  A two-part season ender places Gibbs' service with NCIS at risk.  The audience will learn more about Gibbs' past while contemplating another season-ending cliff-hanger.  In between, the team will handle serial killers, terrorists, and kidnappings with its usual mixture of brisk police procedural and entertaining repartee.  Six special features about the making of the show are included in the DVD set.  \
This series has it all in the &#34;crime&#34; solving genre:  Great cast, humor, story lines and gadgetry to keep you coming back for more.  Especially enjoy the new addition replacing Kate's character.
Season two ended with the murder of Caitlin Todd by the double agent Ari.The NCIS team is not going to allow this to go unpunished and the first two shows deal with this.Former Mossad intelligence officer Ziva David's replacement of Caitlin is not without problems as the team deals with both loss and acceptance.Complicating matters is a new director that has a romantic past with Gibbs.This season the Director of NCIS moves out of the shadows and into the light.  From now on, the Director is a full-fledged character and an important part of the story.Tony, Tim, Abby, Ducky and Jimmy are perfect in their roles.Jethro is boss, maverick and teacher while being larger than life.The cases are engrossing, complex and intelligent.The on-going interactions and personal stories support the show and fit the characters.This is an excellent series and this is an excellent season.
This is one of very few current TV shows which is worth my time to watch. Most of the shows on TV now are vulgar, violent, unfunny or intent on pushing an offensive social or sexual agenda - even the so-called animated comedies. Even the game shows are leaning way Left (Jeopardy clues etc.). Most Reality shows are just plain stupid and fall into the above description as well. Though NCIS is often more GP than G rated, it has great characters and good plots.
This said it was used but you couldn't tell. The box had just a little wear on the corners other then that it looked new. Would order from them again.
Great storylines and very believable great i would recommend it to anyone over the age of 18 years and love the show
I love this show!  It is interesting and is a show I have great fun watching with my dad when he has time off.  The characters are funny and the banter is excellent.
It was rough enough for the fans of NCIS to lose Kate Todd by having Ari Haswari snipe her at the end of Season 2.  So, starting Season 3 off by showing Kate's murder from Ari's POV is a little rougher.  But the two episodes that start off Season 3 of NCIS--the two part \
We love NCIS and all the seasons are great.  Anyone who enjoys the characters will like this season.  Beware of scenes in the autopsy room.
Season Three lacks the edge that the first two seasons had, but the characters remain complex and the plots, unpredictable--except for the demands of the formula.  Visually and auditorially effective.
This serries is OK, but it really lacks the substance that Criminal Minds, MI-5, CSI or Alias has.  The list goes on. When is the second season of Bones and Criminal Minds coming out?
It is Doctor Who (Classic) Season 1 what else is there to say? If you are a true Doctor Who fan than you can not miss watching these classic, see all of its humble beginnings.Only thing we have seen that is a problem, is that there if several seasons missing, it would be nice to watch every Doctor Who up to date today.
The hypothetical life of the protagonist time traveler, Dr. Who, has entertained me and my relatives who have grown into wonderful young men and women. They derived hours of pleasure watching all the episodes available here in the U.S.A. However, I did not give the show five stars because the stories are a bit far-fetched for the trained mind.
I used to watch this as a kid. We could only get it when the atmospheric conditions were just right and the tv antenna was turned to just the right direction to get the one station that played this at 10pm. They would show this as a double feature with Dark Shadows. It is fascinating to see how much has changed in how we treat each other and how tv is made.
They've come a long way since the original Dr. Who. I still like the latest versions. If you are a Dr. Who fan, then these episodes give you a taste its origins... OK, but corny.
Same review as season 5.  Too old, short of nostalgia no real reason to watch.  Give each episode 5 min for future reference.
This is a great example of the &#34;Dr being stuck in ancient earth&#34; theme that shows up over and over in the decades that follow.  Other than the time travel there is not much science fiction here.  It is very interesting to see the Dr interacting with his &#34;crew&#34; and how he is more like the captain of a ship rather than the more active character that he becomes over time.  Probably the most interesting thing about this episode is how it shows the cultural mores of the 1960s.  If you enjoy ancient TV this is a gem.  If you are expecting anything like the modern Dr you probably want to skip ahead a couple decades.
I had always heard and read about Doctor Who's &#34;early years&#34;, but had never watched.  What a pleasant surprise.  This enterprise has been a winner since the beginning.  I've got a lot of shows to watch!!
My first Dr. Who was Tom Baker back in the 1980s. I watched every episode and even taped them to watch over and over.  When many years later I found the early ones I laughed because they were so silly and the technology was hysterical, cardboard, plastic tape, logic errors, and then I realized that they were made in the  1960s and were made for children.  Funny, I never thought of it as a children's show.  I was nearly 50 when I first watched and it grabbed me instantly!  So now I am over 80 and I still love it.  Even these funny old ones.  A truly wonderful show for any age.
I rated this a 4 star because the film was grainey.  I suppose this is the best it could be after all of these years.  What a treat you start learning about Dr. Who's start
starting with an actor who was noted for military roles and still going on today Dr. Who is part of many of our lives.The original shows were on miniscule budgets and demanded a lot more imagination from the viewers than today's shows.The Aztecs in this show were probably more comfortable on the London Underground than in the Central American jungles but that doesn't matter.The Doctor is a far cry from today's version-  with no real alien identity (two movies had him as definitely an elderly Earthman)- but that didn't matter- kids loved it and more than a couple of their parents too!.A captivating history lesson
Season 12-16 are getting the same review.  Tom Baker (my dad's favorite) fits not only the role of the Doctor, but also time in Earth 'real time'.  The introduction of the sonic screwdriver, New companions which continue to defy the command 'stay here!!' Short episodes make this a great binge.  The cerebral side of the Doctor as well as 'the classic Dr.smile' grow into the story line.
The Doctor is the longest running si fi on television and there is little dout as to why. It's great.
The Ark in Space is a great story.  It has everything you need for classic SciFi: aliens wrecking spaceships, teleporters, life and death decisions with the human race in the balance and of course the 4th doctor.  It is all here... unfortunately the rest of the season is missing from Amazon.  Sigh....
Compared to today the special effects are comical, but that justs adds to the fun of watching these old shows
Hi, it was great to get to watch these episodes (The Ark In Space) that I never saw before, especially on Prime.  But...most of the season's episodes are not available. If they had everything available including classics about the Daleks, Crinoids, etc. this series would be a home-run. Also, Tom Baker is my favorite childhood version of Dr. Who, which is another reason why I would love to see everything featuring him available on Amazon Instant Video.
The older Dr. Who series always has a theatre quality to it. Tom Baker is the Doctor I grew up with, so it feels good to stop by and see these episodes again. This one features Romana, one of the better companions I feel (though she was kind of forced on the Doctor).Generations today always want a female Time Lord (ok by me), and well, there you go. Romana is a Time &#34;Lady&#34;. She's as smart as the Doctor, but lacks the experience he has traveling the universe.  She also seems to usually be very calm in a tight situation against his silly antics some times. They make a good pair.So if you ever wanted to see what a female Time Lord (excuse me, Lady) might be like, check out these episodes.
It is great filling in some of the blanks of what happened to that character or how did the doc meet this character! it would be great if you would get more missing episodes .
In episode #17 (part 1) listen for a bonus at the 2:26 mark, give or take a second.  That being said, Tom Baker's Dr. was the best until the new 2005-present series.  Historically in real time this is a 'post Star Wars' timeline.  Keeping to the look and feel of Dr. Who was getting lost as the 80's progressed but this is still in the good phase of the show's run.
The best and lonest running sifi on tv ever. I have been a fan since 1970s. I think my wife loves it more them myself.
enjoyed all episodes of season 16 I only hope it continues with 2014(season 56) cant wait for it to appear
The writing in this season is amazingly well done. As is the acting. The character actors playing the bad guys and the heroes accompanying the Doctor are top notch.
Everything has to start somewhere but as a viewer there is only so much nostalgia one can have for sci-fi.  Thus is a 50 year old season and it shows.  Campy at best.  If you want a good starting point for Dr. Who I suggest starting with Dr. #3 in app 1970.  This is also the start of color. That being said seeing Cybermen as an original 'bad guy' shows the connection to the past.
While some of the special effects are so old they detract from the story, Tomb of the Cybermen is still enjoyable to watch.  Troughton as the doctor is great because he shows the snide humor that shines in later doctors.  Sadly because so many of the oldest episodes are missing we don't get the back story of the doctors companions but we do get to start to see some of the origins of the Cybermen mythos.  This is great fun and a must for any fan of the doctor.
I have watched Dr. Who for years and enjoyed these early ones.  The thing I liked the best about this Dr. Was the way he would get confused and say &#34;Oh dear&#34; all the time.  He is very sweet, and I loved him just because he was Dr. Who.  Since it was a children's show, this might has had a lot of appeal to a child. for myself, I tend to forget it was started for children, and watch it avidly every time.
if you like Dr. Who it is well worth watching to see some of the history of the show.  It really is too bad that they don't have more of these classic episodes.
A great show about the Cybermen.  The episode centers around the tomb of the cybermen and the old look of them is pretty cool.  I only wish there were more episodes in the AMAZON library.
Nothing wrong with production value/quality.  But the subject matter is so improbable that it seems like such a waste of energy to pack even more people into a crowded area (Tokyo) of a crowded country.  750,000 people in an engineered group of buildings stacked like a pyramid.  Watch it if you don't have strong reactions to hubris on display.
I appreciate technology and seeing the dreams fot the future.  I will watch additional Extreme Engineering seasons.  thank you for tne presentation.
I've lived in Boston for many years and have driven on these roads since the day they opened. After ten years, this video is a very interesting look at the past, and the promises vs. the reality of what became of the Big Dig project.Ironically, or perhaps prophetically, the film begins by showing a section of new tunnel (at time = 2:06). This is the EXACT LOCATION where (on July 10, 2006) the ceiling collapsed on a car, killing passenger Milena Del Valle. The heavy concrete panels were glued in place with epoxy cement that had not been applied properly. It was ultimately determined that ceiling panels weren't actually needed in that location, so today, the ceiling that appears in the video is no longer there.Such was the theme for most of the Big Dig's design and construction. Too many things were \
Couldn't even finish &#34;Sky City&#34; - it just feels like a sales pitch. Just get to the extreme engineering people.
Some are better than others but overall I enjoyed these. In many cases I was surprised at the enormity of effort, design, and equipment required to do these big jobs.
Love to see where men build and keep striving for better.  It's nice to live in a day when things naturally progress.
It would have been much better if the program shows the specific details they are talking about, instead show the faces of the people speaking about the project.This is a TV show, not a radio.
Not the best show ever made but you do learn.  I would love more in depth info but I do understand there is only so much that a show can divulge.  But I will say you will learn a lot and some episodes are done very well others not so well.  But hey give it a shot you may have an engineer in you waiting to get out.
The series is in the older square video version.  Made for the older TV types, but it's still a great series.  Inspirational and mind boggling.  Some of the amazing things they come up with are absolutely incredible.
These guys are great and they have a fantastic team. There have been a couple of knock-off shows that weren't even in the same galaxy as the Mythbusters. I would give 7 stars if I could!!
I've been a Mythbusters fan for a long time and while I'm still not used to the US narrator (coming from the UK where it is narrated by a Brit) I made my way through all the Mythbusters series again on Amazon Prime.The show takes us through those things we always thought we knew about but often didn't. Watching the whole seasons through, it is obvious that while Adam and Jamie were younger in this season they were also a lot angrier at each other. Perhaps they learned each others quirks as the seasons progressed but it is interesting to go back to the early days. You can also view how the budget for the show started increasing over time as their initial experiments were low cost and generally done near the shop, now they have massive explosions in man made lakes and mining quarrys.I recommend this show to my friends and it is often discussed in the work place. Everyone with an interest in science, explosions and humour should be watching this show.
Interesting and kind of educational. Though the filming isn't the best possible at all times, this is a great show for those of us who wonder about what's true and what's not. I highly recommend for everyone who's curious, and those who like scientific explanations for things.
These guys are a little bit crazy.  It is a fun series to watch.  You never know what they are going to do.
I've always enjoyed Mythbusters. Glad this show has gone as long as it has because I can always pull up an episode and be entertained even though I've seen most of them before.
Probably the best children's show since Mr. Rogers Neighborhood. I wish they'd kept it going. This show has not one moment of anything I ever worry about my children watching. It's wholesome, educational, and actually interesting (lots of kids shows fail hard on that last one). My favorite thing is that unlike Dora the Explorer or Diego, no one *ever* encourages the audience to be loud. Also, while they do &#34;play Blue's Clues&#34; in every episode, the shows are not all the same. The structure changes slightly each time, which is fantastic. To get what I mean by that, try watching an episode of the exceedingly vapid Animal Mechanicals for a comparison...it's painful.
My 2 1/2 yr old granddaughter who is only allowed limited TV time, is quite the connoisseur of children's shows.  Blues Clues is one of her favorites, and explains to me what is going on, and which host is on the show (apparently Steve went away to college).
This is great for my grandchildren.  As an educator I know how important it is to encourage children to think and problem solve.  That is exactly what this show does.  My 22 month old twin grandchildren love it and it is the only show they are allowed to watch.
My 18 month old grand daughter loves it!  I guess she understands what Blue says when she 'speaks', I sure 'whoof, whoof' don't!!  I just love that she loves it!
My grandbaby loved this show very much. She still looks for spots all over the place. She was mezmarized totaly.
Really? have you ever met a kid who didn't like watching this show whether with joe now or steve in the past?
Blue's Clues has been around for well over a decade, but this 90's gem still shines in contemporary times with content that rivals any other children's programming today.  Educational and at a level that is attractive to a wide range of ages, Blue's Clues is a staple for educational / enjoyable children's shows.
Granddaughter, age 5, can't get enough of Blues Clues Season 1.  I must say tho that when she viewed later seasons that changed Steve's role to another guy, she didn't like it.  So she watches the seasons with the original Steve over and over.
So glad Blues Clues is on Amazon Prime!! My kids love it :) Thank you so much Amazon! Just wish y'all had other shows, like Little House On The Prairie, and all os the seasons of Dr. Quinn Medicine Woman.
I love this program.  The kids get so involved in the entire show. I really chuckle as the little ones really think they can be interactive.
My 3-year-old son likes Blue.  His attention span is still pretty short, so he doesn't usually make it through an entire episode.  But, he repeats &#34;a clue!  a clue!&#34; often throughout the day.
Good, clean, moral show. Teaches them a lot and not just wasting time watching useless junk.  Good for kids and fun for adults too
I'm not crazy about my son watching TV, but I make an exception for Blue's Clues. It is very sweet and my son loves it.
Very instructional and cute. Both my 7 year old and 1 1/2 year old love the show! More seasons for Prime members to stream!!
My daughter (5) really enjoys this show. It's colorful and interactive. She gets to help Blue (the dog) solve problems.
Such fun and so educational. Perfect show for toddler.  I love to watch the learning. Highly suggest this show for supplemental learning.
Awesome tv series. My son loves blue clues. Wish it was on more often. He likes then one where Blue talks in the videos too
My grandson ask to watches this all the time.  He is a big fan of this show.  The streaming is excellent so the picture quality and sound is clear.
My 2 and 3 year old grandsons love Blue's Clues.  I bought Season 1 and downloaded it to my Kindle Fire.  They like to sit in Nana's lap and watch Blue and Steve....and it gives Nana a good excuse to hold and rock the boys.
Steve is a genius with children -- he really knows how to elicit their feedback and engagement with the story, and it never feels like he is above his audience.  And it is not too jarring or obnoxious like some children's shows can be.
There are a lot of kids' shows that are super, super annoying.  This one is cheesy, but it is sweet, and I especially love Steve.  I love how this show teaches kids about deduction and gives them the chance to solve mysteries.
i grew up watching blues clues and now my daughter can enjoy the great music and teachings from fun blue
This is a great edicational show. My kids have watched the entire run of blues clues. They love to watch blue and Steve
My children love this show. I will give a great example from my four year old from last week. We come to a stop sign and she reads S T O P and says that spells stop. We were really impressed, we have been working on letters for quite a while now, but she could comprehend  stop means stop. We  asked her if she learned it in K-3. She said no she learned it on blues clues. Just a side note I know some people are going to read this and say. Well if he didn't have his kid in day care they would be smart... or something of that ilk. Our children are in a small Christian school and they didn't have enough teachers so my wife became a full time volunteer to help the kids. I'm not a fan of preschool, I do not sit in judgment of those who do. It's just a personal choice for us. Back to the show my children have learned so much from this show. hope this helps.
Our two year old loves watching Dora. If your kid loves shows like Bubble Guppies, Backyardigans, Umizoomies then this show is probably right for you.
Well if my two year old had a say she would give it ten stars. I think the show has gotten better since it's introduction. I don't mind her watching it at all and the fact that she surprised me by counting to 5 in Spanish says a lot.
What is bad about Dora.  Not one thing.  This is my grand children's all time favorite.  The first thing out of their mouths are &#34;I need Dora &#34;. Recommend to anyone
I enjoyed watching Dora and Boots and  the Gang with my Granddaughter on Saturday morning.  The plot lines are simple and easy for her to understand, (she is a preschooler), and she was really engaged.  She loved being a part of the story when Dora asked her to participate.  She was so involved in what was going on.  We had a lot of fun, and we will enjoy watching it again very soon.  We love Dora!!!!
I like Dora. Both my kids like to watch this show. The music and lessons taught are very helpful. All the interaction with other characters are great and telling Swiper to stop swipping is hilarious, Love all seasons of Dora.
We purchased this season for our daughter who loves Dora using the Amazon Instant Video app for Wii. We have no issues with play or image etc.Unfortunately, my husband and I cannot stand Dora. She sets our teeth on edge. But our daughter loves Dora so we put up with the show. I don't feel that my daughter has gotten much educational value from Dora, to be perfectly honest. She's learned more from Ni Hao Kai-lan, Yo Gabba Gabba, Little Einsteins, and Team Umizoomi. I only took off one star for this since Dora is entertaining for toddlers (admittedly the target audience, not parents) and for some reason kids love her.
The colors are bright and cheerful. Great story lines.kkeps a child's attention while teaching them life lessons.My grand child really learns a lot from this show
My 18m/o loves this show it teachers her friendship, Spanish, and how to solve problems. It is age appropriate too.
The little short videos is just right for her.  It helps her learn to count and limited Spanish as well as sequencing. Very helpful for learning to read.
My 2 year old grand daughter loves Dora and all her friends!  It's a very positive toddler/kids show. It's also educational, fun and entertaining.
My 4 yr old loves Dora and always enjoys going on adventures. She also like to speak other languages and thinks it is so cool.
Entertaining and informative for the young minds. Granddaughter already is counting to 10 in Spanish and has picked up several words (colors).  She is only 2.
my child loves it.  It is the ABC animal episode.  We don't generally like Dora but this specific episode is really cute and keeps my little guys attention.
I like the show because you can learn Spanish words and that is good exposure for my 3 year old. The show is good for very young children but it is a very simple show.
The grandkids really love Dora the Explorer and is a very good way to learn beginning Spanish a language that they will probably need later on in life.
I believe it's a very positive show, she can learn both languages, English and Spanish and also, about friendship! Isn't that awesome. Only three seasons are on prime but its really worth the cost.
dora teaches problem solving, spanish, manners and fairness.  my son loves this show, as most kids do, but i feel good letting my son watch this show, because he always comes away learning something and the show is very interactive, it prompts kids to talk back to the tv and answer questions and solves problems.
My two-year old daughter LOVES this show.It's interactive: it engages the viewer to repeat a set of instructions, dance, and shout at Dora's nemesis, Swiper, \
My son loves this show. He is always asking \
No matter what episode it is, my son has been hooked on this cartoon since he was a little baby... he's learn alot of words and general knowledge watching this...
Age appropriate cartoon packed with learning for my little ones. great job with the show options amazon prime. well done
I love the ease to remember songs for my kids, and that it helps them work on their memory. It's got rally cute characters too. I so like that it teaches Spanish too
I am a nanny an the little girl love this show. Every time we go shopping she screams backpack (what she calls Dora) when she see it.
My kids enjoy this show.  I like that it's got some educational value and isn't annoying for me to watch with them.
My girls ages 3 and 4 absolutely love Dora and they enjoy these episodes from season 2. They stream easily on the Roku.
There is a adventure in every episode. Every adventure is new. In each episode, There is a place to go.
